text/html {<html>
  <head>

    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
  </head>
  <body bgcolor="#FFFFFF" text="#000000">
    <br>
    <div class="moz-forward-container"><br>
      <div class="email-fillWidth email-backgroundWhite js-emailHeader"
        style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%; background-color: #ffffff;">
        <table class="email-digest email-paddingBottom0"
          style="border-spacing: 0; color: rgba(0 , 0 , 0 , 0.9);
          font-family: Arial , sans-serif; letter-spacing: 0em;
          line-height: 1.4; margin-top: 0; margin-right: auto;
          margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: auto; padding-left: 24px;
          padding-right: 24px; width: 100%; max-width: 648px;
          padding-bottom: 0px;">
          <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td class="email-fillWidth email-padding0"
                style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%; padding-top: 0px;
                padding-right: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px; padding-left:
                0px;">
                <div class="email-paddingTop30
                  email-textTransparentBlack" style="color: rgba(0 , 0 ,
                  0 , 0.54); padding-top: 30px;"><img
                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*5gCbsDPwqJZuveQ1HK7epw.png"
                    class="email-paddingBottom5" alt="Medium Logo"
                    style="padding-bottom: 5px;" moz-do-not-send="true"
                    width="291" height="25">
                  <div class="email-fontSize14 email-paddingTop8"
                    style="font-size: 14px; padding-top: 8px;">Stories
                    for Iuri Sampaio</div>
                </div>
              </td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
      <table class="email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%; width:
        100%;">
        <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td class="email-fillWidth email-padding0" style="min-width:
              100%; width: 100%; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px;
              padding-bottom: 0px; padding-left: 0px;"><img
src="https://medium.com/_/stat?event=email.opened&amp;emailId=23053871-a623-4983-9cd4-bbb538fa36fa&amp;source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                moz-do-not-send="true" width="1" height="1">
              <div>
                <table class="email-digest" style="border-spacing: 0;
                  color: rgba(0 , 0 , 0 , 0.9); font-family: Arial ,
                  sans-serif; letter-spacing: 0em; line-height: 1.4;
                  margin-top: 0; margin-right: auto; margin-bottom: 0;
                  margin-left: auto; padding-left: 24px; padding-right:
                  24px; width: 100%; max-width: 648px;" width="600">
                  <tbody>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Todayâs highlights</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop16
                          email-marginBottom36 email-xs-marginBottom32
                          email-borderSpacing0 email-fillWidth"
                          style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%;
                          margin-top: 16px; margin-bottom: 36px;
                          border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr>
                              <td class="email-fillWidth
                                email-paddingBottom16
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12"
                                style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%;
                                padding-bottom: 16px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@dariusforoux/are-you-making-these-common-mistakes-that-smart-people-make-116d059cd5a1?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-59------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-fillWidth email-height200
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/600/600/1*b_YnzLjWMgSbg7y5_mY5fg.png?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; min-width: 100%; width:
                                    100%; max-height: 200px; height:
                                    200px; border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/600/200/1*b_YnzLjWMgSbg7y5_mY5fg.png?q=50" width="600" height="200"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-xs-paddingLeft0
                                email-xs-block email-xs-fillWidth">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle--hero"
                                  style="font-size: 22px; line-height:
                                  1.27; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@dariusforoux/are-you-making-these-common-mistakes-that-smart-people-make-116d059cd5a1?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-59------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">5 Common
                                    Mistakes Smart People Make</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">If you believe
                                  that only stupid people make mistakes,
                                  youâre as wrong as I was. The truth is
                                  that everyoneâ¦</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop12
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 12px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@dariusforoux?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Darius Foroux</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/darius-foroux?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">The Blog Of
                                    Darius Foroux</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">5 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@nytmodernlove/she-slipped-past-my-age-filter-a99322e6a64a?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-59------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/47/40/1*XxS1LECxWv6l7cE-XOknSw.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 47% 40%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*XxS1LECxWv6l7cE-XOknSw.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@nytmodernlove/she-slipped-past-my-age-filter-a99322e6a64a?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-59------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">She Slipped
                                    Past My Age Filter</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">They never
                                  would have matched online. Luckily, he
                                  had three hours to kill at the
                                  airport.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@nytmodernlove?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">New York
                                    Times Modern Love</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/new-york-times-modern-love?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">New York
                                    Times Modern Love</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">6 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@meholstein/5-signs-you-are-wasting-your-life-44e474935a53?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------2-59------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/0*8DwuuzsR4W3f_Qyj?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/0*8DwuuzsR4W3f_Qyj?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@meholstein/5-signs-you-are-wasting-your-life-44e474935a53?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------2-59------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">5 Signs You
                                    Are Wasting Your Life</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Life is short.
                                  Make the most of it.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@meholstein?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Megan
                                    Holstein</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/the-post-grad-survival-guide?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">The Post-Grad
                                    Survival Guide</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">4 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@vanessatorre/the-dark-side-of-being-a-people-pleaser-e1b28d5e4be8?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------3-59------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*Fq9XlwgjS7nq1leIN874Wg.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*Fq9XlwgjS7nq1leIN874Wg.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@vanessatorre/the-dark-side-of-being-a-people-pleaser-e1b28d5e4be8?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------3-59------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">The Dark Side
                                    of Being a People Pleaser</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">How being a
                                  giver nearly wrecked me</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@vanessatorre?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Vanessa Torre</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">5 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td><br>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Best in Javascript</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@jsmanifest/designing-api-methods-in-javascript-1d821bd29c7d?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-49------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*ZWvKCx_dxSCg4QYwwmINbw.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*ZWvKCx_dxSCg4QYwwmINbw.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@jsmanifest/designing-api-methods-in-javascript-1d821bd29c7d?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-49------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Designing API
                                    Methods in JavaScript</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Exploring
                                  named parameters, method chaining, and
                                  function polymorphism</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@jsmanifest?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">jsmanifest</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/better-programming?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Better
                                    Programming</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">5 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@bretcameron/how-javascript-maps-can-make-your-code-faster-90f56bf61d9d?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-49------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*wCRRcmuvfG59mnvFEbd6Aw.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*wCRRcmuvfG59mnvFEbd6Aw.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@bretcameron/how-javascript-maps-can-make-your-code-faster-90f56bf61d9d?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-49------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">How
                                    JavaScript Maps Can Make Your Code
                                    Faster</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Whyâââand
                                  whenâââto ditch regular JavaScript
                                  objects</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@bretcameron?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Bret Cameron</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">5 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@azukaar/typescript-in-the-real-world-132d32a290db?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------2-49------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*jcyp66zO_oLOAZbTY4a-vQ.gif?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*jcyp66zO_oLOAZbTY4a-vQ.gif?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@azukaar/typescript-in-the-real-world-132d32a290db?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------2-49------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Typescript in
                                    the real world</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Why and how
                                  you should use it</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@azukaar?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Yann s</a> in
                                  <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/engineered-publicis-sapient?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Engineered @
                                    Publicis Sapient</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">14 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Best in Relationships<a
                            class="link u-baseColor--link"
href="https://medium.com/_/api/requests/117333a3de6e?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12"
                            style="color: #333332; text-decoration:
                            none;" moz-do-not-send="true">
                            <div class="email-normal email-marginLeft20
                              email-button email-button--bordered
                              email-digestFollowButton email-xs-hide"
                              style="display: inline-block; position:
                              relative; height: auto; line-height: 1.6;
                              padding-top: 0; padding-right: 20px;
                              padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 20px;
                              border: 1px solid #03a87c; outline: 0;
                              color: #03a87c; background-color: #ffffff;
                              font-size: 14px; font-style: normal;
                              font-weight: 400; text-align: center;
                              text-decoration: none; cursor: pointer;
                              white-space: nowrap; text-rendering:
                              optimizeLegibility;
                              -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
                              user-select: none; border-radius: 4px;
                              margin-left: 20px;">Follow</div>
                          </a></div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@kristinwong5/how-do-my-partner-and-i-merge-our-finances-while-keeping-our-autonomy-622a5304616e?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/41/49/1*oSI2ZeX2TC4sPSXWHmv0hg.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 41% 49%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*oSI2ZeX2TC4sPSXWHmv0hg.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@kristinwong5/how-do-my-partner-and-i-merge-our-finances-while-keeping-our-autonomy-622a5304616e?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">How Do My
                                    Partner and I Merge Our Finances,
                                    While Keeping Our Autonomy?</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">We have become
                                  financially interdependent, but Iâm
                                  uncomfortable telling my partner what
                                  to do with his money</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@kristinwong5?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Kristin Wong</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/forge?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Forge</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">5 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@humungusmag/when-the-bachelorette-men-get-it-right-they-get-it-really-right-f2c6c01ff7e1?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*cGOSPnDaLru3KIf3XHHY1w.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*cGOSPnDaLru3KIf3XHHY1w.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@humungusmag/when-the-bachelorette-men-get-it-right-they-get-it-really-right-f2c6c01ff7e1?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">When âThe
                                    Bacheloretteâ Men Get It Right, They
                                    Get It REALLY Right</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">It just takes
                                  a real toxic a-hole to make them shine</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@humungusmag?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Humungus</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/humungus?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Humungus</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">6 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@silviabastos/how-to-offer-gifts-that-transform-relationships-and-accelerate-personal-growth-9e645a5d31c8?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------2-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*WEbZ404W9iHu3fJnPxXMVQ.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*WEbZ404W9iHu3fJnPxXMVQ.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@silviabastos/how-to-offer-gifts-that-transform-relationships-and-accelerate-personal-growth-9e645a5d31c8?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------2-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">How to Offer
                                    Gifts that Transform Relationships
                                    and Accelerate Personal Growth</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">The gift is
                                  the mediumâââits purpose is to deliver
                                  a message.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@silviabastos?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">SÃ­lvia Bastos</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/better-humans?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Better Humans</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">13 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Best in Family<a
                            class="link u-baseColor--link"
href="https://medium.com/_/api/requests/69791c0b5364?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12"
                            style="color: #333332; text-decoration:
                            none;" moz-do-not-send="true">
                            <div class="email-normal email-marginLeft20
                              email-button email-button--bordered
                              email-digestFollowButton email-xs-hide"
                              style="display: inline-block; position:
                              relative; height: auto; line-height: 1.6;
                              padding-top: 0; padding-right: 20px;
                              padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 20px;
                              border: 1px solid #03a87c; outline: 0;
                              color: #03a87c; background-color: #ffffff;
                              font-size: 14px; font-style: normal;
                              font-weight: 400; text-align: center;
                              text-decoration: none; cursor: pointer;
                              white-space: nowrap; text-rendering:
                              optimizeLegibility;
                              -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
                              user-select: none; border-radius: 4px;
                              margin-left: 20px;">Follow</div>
                          </a></div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@freakonomics/how-much-does-your-name-matter-61be9c33ff9f?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/49/45/1*xXa5BkfnzXhufXGTqFO0Ag.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 49% 45%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*xXa5BkfnzXhufXGTqFO0Ag.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@freakonomics/how-much-does-your-name-matter-61be9c33ff9f?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">How Much Does
                                    Your Name Matter?</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Is your name
                                  really your destiny?</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@freakonomics?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Stephen J.
                                    Dubner/ Freakonomics Radio</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">9 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@profgalloway/no-mercy-no-malice-3-jackets-and-a-glove-19a35468b859?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/0*hz5CCrgPtpyM141E.png?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/0*hz5CCrgPtpyM141E.png?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@profgalloway/no-mercy-no-malice-3-jackets-and-a-glove-19a35468b859?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Growing Up
                                    With Economic Anxiety</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Three jackets,
                                  a glove, and the relentless pursuit of
                                  money and relevance</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@profgalloway?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Scott
                                    Galloway</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">7 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Best in Humor<a class="link
                            u-baseColor--link"
href="https://medium.com/_/api/requests/daea2cd0293b?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12"
                            style="color: #333332; text-decoration:
                            none;" moz-do-not-send="true">
                            <div class="email-normal email-marginLeft20
                              email-button email-button--bordered
                              email-digestFollowButton email-xs-hide"
                              style="display: inline-block; position:
                              relative; height: auto; line-height: 1.6;
                              padding-top: 0; padding-right: 20px;
                              padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 20px;
                              border: 1px solid #03a87c; outline: 0;
                              color: #03a87c; background-color: #ffffff;
                              font-size: 14px; font-style: normal;
                              font-weight: 400; text-align: center;
                              text-decoration: none; cursor: pointer;
                              white-space: nowrap; text-rendering:
                              optimizeLegibility;
                              -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
                              user-select: none; border-radius: 4px;
                              margin-left: 20px;">Follow</div>
                          </a></div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@AmandaKerri/i-didnt-know-they-stacked-sh-t-that-high-fa432bfec6bd?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*-oBSWVwfxulthQFKbHe0oQ.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*-oBSWVwfxulthQFKbHe0oQ.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@AmandaKerri/i-didnt-know-they-stacked-sh-t-that-high-fa432bfec6bd?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-50------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">âI Didnât
                                    Know They Stacked Sh*t That Highâ</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Stanley
                                  Kubrickâs brutal antiwar movie âFull
                                  Metal Jacketâ was beloved by soldiers
                                  and officers alike</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@AmandaKerri?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Amanda Kerri</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/humungus?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Humungus</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">6 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Editorsâ picks</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop16
                          email-marginBottom36 email-xs-marginBottom32
                          email-borderSpacing0 email-fillWidth"
                          style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%;
                          margin-top: 16px; margin-bottom: 36px;
                          border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr>
                              <td class="email-fillWidth
                                email-paddingBottom16
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12"
                                style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%;
                                padding-bottom: 16px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@jordhell/a-forgotten-victim-of-charlottesville-24ebbca8a0c4?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-13------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-fillWidth email-height200
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/600/600/50/30/1*GqE7ZLeqRYQOwEZiRT3P2w.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 30%
                                    !important; min-width: 100%; width:
                                    100%; max-height: 200px; height:
                                    200px; border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/600/200/1*GqE7ZLeqRYQOwEZiRT3P2w.jpeg?q=50" width="600" height="200"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-xs-paddingLeft0
                                email-xs-block email-xs-fillWidth">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle--hero"
                                  style="font-size: 22px; line-height:
                                  1.27; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@jordhell/a-forgotten-victim-of-charlottesville-24ebbca8a0c4?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------0-13------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">A Forgotten
                                    Victim of Charlottesville</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Tay Washington
                                  was marveling at the Charlottesville
                                  protests when white nationalist James
                                  Fields rammed herâ¦</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop12
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 12px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@jordhell?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Jordan Heller</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/gen?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">GEN</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">4 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@dariusforoux/whether-you-think-you-can-or-think-you-cant-you-re-probably-right-9025b231b0e2?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-13------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/47/21/1*1ACCVpRRWiN87MygKlJCNA.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 47% 21%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*1ACCVpRRWiN87MygKlJCNA.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@dariusforoux/whether-you-think-you-can-or-think-you-cant-you-re-probably-right-9025b231b0e2?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------1-13------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Whether You
                                    Think You Can or Think You
                                    CanâtâââYouâre Probably Right</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Henry Fordâs
                                  famous quote was spot-on: Self-belief
                                  is an essential ingredient for success</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@dariusforoux?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Darius Foroux</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/forge?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Forge</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">4 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@delistraty/embrace-your-stress-8a46c3581b1b?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------2-13------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/51/23/1*KM_06vaO1Ba2f8jBT7q-mg.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 51% 23%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*KM_06vaO1Ba2f8jBT7q-mg.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@delistraty/embrace-your-stress-8a46c3581b1b?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader------2-13------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Embrace Your
                                    Stress</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Think of it as
                                  a pathway to happiness, rather than an
                                  obstacle</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@delistraty?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Cody
                                    Delistraty</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/forge?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Forge</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">3 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td class="email-center email-paddingTop20
                        email-paddingBottom60" style="text-align:
                        center; padding-top: 20px; padding-bottom:
                        60px;">
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-bold"
                          style="font-size: 18px; font-weight: 700;">Make
                          this email better.</div>
                        <a class="email-button email-button--bordered
                          email-marginTop20"
href="https://medium.com/topics?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                          style="color: #03a87c; text-decoration: none;
                          display: inline-block; position: relative;
                          height: 36px; line-height: 36px; padding-top:
                          0; padding-right: 24px; padding-bottom: 0;
                          padding-left: 24px; border: 1px solid #03a87c;
                          outline: 0; background-color: #ffffff;
                          font-size: 14px; font-style: normal;
                          font-weight: 400; text-align: center; cursor:
                          pointer; white-space: nowrap; text-rendering:
                          optimizeLegibility; -webkit-font-smoothing:
                          antialiased; user-select: none; border-radius:
                          4px; margin-top: 20px;" moz-do-not-send="true">Tailor
                          your topics</a></td>
                    </tr>
                  </tbody>
                </table>
              </div>
            </td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
      <div class="email-fillWidth email-backgroundSky" style="min-width:
        100%; width: 100%; background-color: #E2Eff8;">
        <table class="email email-backgroundSky" style="width: 100%;
          max-width: 600px; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;
          padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 20px;
          color: #333332; line-height: 1.4; font-family: -apple-system ,
          BlinkMacSystemFont , 'Segoe UI' , 'Roboto' , 'Ubuntu' , 'Open
          Sans' , 'Helvetica Neue' , sans-serif; background: #ffffff;
          background-color: #E2Eff8;">
          <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>
                <div class="email-center email-marginTop50
                  email-marginBottom50" style="text-align: center;
                  margin-top: 50px; margin-bottom: 50px;">
                  <div class="email-fontSize22 email-bold
                    email-marginBottom20" style="font-size: 22px;
                    font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 20px;">Take Medium
                    with you.</div>
                  <div class="email-center" style="text-align: center;"><a
                      class="email-link email-inlineBlock
                      email-marginRight16"
href="https://itunes.apple.com/app/medium-everyones-stories/id828256236?pt=698524&amp;mt=8&amp;ct=email_digestFooter"
                      style="color: #333332; text-decoration: none;
                      display: inline-block; margin-right: 16px;"
                      moz-do-not-send="true"><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*CXKdDEfFShoF6Azy5V8ZKQ@2x.png"
                        medium="" on="" the="" app=""
                        moz-do-not-send="true" width="144" height="48"></a><a
                      class="email-link email-inlineBlock"
href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.medium.reader&amp;referrer=utm_source%3Demail_digestFooter"
                      style="color: #333332; text-decoration: none;
                      display: inline-block;" moz-do-not-send="true"><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*D-oULOaPtKR8A1jatsII4w@2x.png"
                        medium="" on="" google="" moz-do-not-send="true"
                        width="161" height="48"></a></div>
                </div>
                <div class="email-footer" style="padding-top: 15px;
                  padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0;
                  margin-top: 30px; color: rgba(0 , 0 , 0 , 0.68);
                  font-size: 12px; text-align: center; border-top: 1px
                  solid #8e8e8e;">Sent by <a class="email-link
                    email-textGray email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                    style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration: underline;"
                    moz-do-not-send="true">Medium</a> Â· P.O. Box 602,
                  San Francisco, CA 94104-0602
                  <div><a class="email-link email-textGray
                      email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/me/email-settings/50eb33f9fa1a/2679bebdb2df?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae&amp;type=social"
                      style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration:
                      underline;" moz-do-not-send="true">Unsubscribe</a>
                    Â· <a class="email-link email-textGray
                      email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/me/email-settings/50eb33f9fa1a/2679bebdb2df?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae&amp;type=social&amp;preference=2"
                      style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration:
                      underline;" moz-do-not-send="true">Switch to the
                      Weekly Digest</a> Â· <a class="email-link
                      email-textGray email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/jobs-at-medium/work-at-medium-959d1a85284e?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                      style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration:
                      underline;" moz-do-not-send="true">Careers</a> Â· <a
                      class="email-link email-textGray email-underline"
                      href="https://help.medium.com" style="color:
                      #8e8e8e; text-decoration: underline;"
                      moz-do-not-send="true">Help center</a> Â· <a
                      class="email-link email-textGray email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/policy/f03bf92035c9?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565688014763-digest.reader-------------------------0ddfc413_1b98_49a5_b499_fca4195586ae"
                      style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration:
                      underline;" moz-do-not-send="true">Privacy policy</a></div>
                </div>
              </td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
      <img
src="https://u1823144.ct.sendgrid.net/wf/open?upn=HcUcouT0zBEMPn1RNPiLOhDWRFfvABwtOYJ8O4W519hLUDAnb8ENMuoUZwWqF0zwEYXQINn-2FCtWYAA6Xx1JilNwGtecySt4DO1jkVnMZy9KETJLs0cmNccDxolzM08KAq-2F1fSTRvPAPhW6euHz7Bv5izMcVxp-2BH1-2B-2BryCgCmU8jHIbLL2wOFWsP1RDdjzj9Y7M8ZMJLBQ0t33NwrUY4Mg4Uok1cm7MYwT4-2B8kqQRUiDKmVk330fqc82HXdaRSBmtDdEN7APufBqReI70E02K3CmpLUf3QUdXXjZAeGehbJCbu5wpae9R1QfB8jHmuHMzOtL1H-2FpntR82Uc9A-2BxH3wJK6rfNrWHrzfC8dGGBgzQ08kIdP0ljSc7z3QHayfJQ0vbuFlGwYGmUbtmKVk2ZbMJVf-2BZTqARBa72rwtcuhJyk-3D"
        alt="" style="height:1px !important;width:1px
        !important;border-width:0 !important;margin-top:0
        !important;margin-bottom:0 !important;margin-right:0
        !important;margin-left:0 !important;padding-top:0
        !important;padding-bottom:0 !important;padding-right:0
        !important;padding-left:0 !important;" moz-do-not-send="true"
        border="0" width="1" height="1">
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
}