text/html {<html>
  <head>

    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
  </head>
  <body>
    <br>
    <div class="moz-forward-container"><br>
      <table class="container-main" style="font-size: 14px; line-height:
        22px; color: #000000; font-family: Arial, sans-serif;"
        width="100%" height="100%" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"
        border="0" bgcolor="#ffffff">
        <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td style="background-color: #ffffff;" valign="top"
              bgcolor="#ebebeb" align="center">
              <table class="container" style="font-size: 14px;
                line-height: 22px; color: #000000; font-family: Arial,
                sans-serif;" width="100%" cellspacing="0"
                cellpadding="0" border="0" bgcolor="#ffffff">
                <tbody>
                  <tr>
                    <td class="container-padding"
                      style="background-color: #ffffff; padding-left:
                      30px; padding-right: 30px; font-size: 14px;
                      line-height: 22px; color: #000000; font-weight:
                      normal; text-align: left; font-family: arial,
                      sans-serif; vertical-align: top;"
                      bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left">
                      <table class="columns-container" cellspacing="0"
                        cellpadding="0" border="0">
                        <tbody>
                          <tr>
                            <td class="force-col" dir="ltr"
                              style="font-size: 14px; line-height: 22px;
                              color: #000000; font-family: Arial,
                              sans-serif;" valign="top">
                              <table dir="ltr" class="col-3"
                                style="float: right; margin-left: 15px;
                                margin-bottom: 15px; max-width: 300px;"
                                width="100%" cellspacing="0"
                                cellpadding="5" border="0" align="right">
                                <tbody>
                                  <tr>
                                    <td style="margin-left: 8px;
                                      margin-right: 8px; margin-bottom:
                                      8px; padding: 10px; text-align:
                                      left; font-size: 13px;
                                      line-height: 20px; font-family:
                                      Arial, sans-serif; color: #000000;
                                      border: 1px solid #000;"
                                      valign="top" align="center">
                                      <div style="text-align: center;"><a
href="https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/peoples_green_new_deal_loc/?bmHnYkb&amp;v=121116&amp;cl=16488933049&amp;_checksum=be16ca0613fa279d4945da4b63722464d78cd6e7695c6edea30ad1b3f808e041"
                                          moz-do-not-send="true"><img
                                            src="https://avaazimages.avaaz.org/40793_40791_solar_3_243x150.jpg"
                                            alt="SIGN HERE"
                                            class="deviceWidth"
                                            style="display: block;
                                            margin-left: auto;
                                            margin-right: auto; width:
                                            300px; max-width: 100%;"
                                            moz-do-not-send="true"
                                            width="300" border="0"
                                            align="middle"> </a> </div>
                                      Scientists just warned the <strong>climate
                                        could be on the cusp of
                                        spiralling out of control but in
                                        24 hours, Europe will propose a
                                        game-changing Green Deal</strong>
                                      that could lead us out of this
                                      nightmare. Fossil fuel blockers
                                      could still derail the plan, so <strong>sign
                                        now and weâll deliver our names</strong>,
                                      together with major polls showing
                                      massive public support for the
                                      plan! <br>
                                      <table style="margin: 0 auto;"
                                        cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"
                                        border="0" align="center">
                                        <tbody>
                                          <tr>
                                            <td class="buttonCell"
                                              style="white-space:
                                              nowrap; color:
                                              #ffffff!important;display:
                                              block; margin-top: 10px;
                                              margin-right: 10px;
                                              margin-bottom: 0px;
                                              margin-left: 10px;
                                              font-weight:
                                              bold;text-align:
                                              center;text-transform:
                                              uppercase;font-size: 16px;
                                              line-height: 20px;"
                                              align="center"> <a
href="https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/peoples_green_new_deal_loc/?bmHnYkb&amp;v=121116&amp;cl=16488933049&amp;_checksum=be16ca0613fa279d4945da4b63722464d78cd6e7695c6edea30ad1b3f808e041"
                                                style="display: block;
                                                padding: 10px 35px 10px
                                                35px;text-decoration:
                                                none; font-family:
                                                Helvetica, Arial,
                                                sans-serif;
                                                border-width: 3px;
                                                border-style: solid;
                                                border-color:
                                                rgb(244,184,204);
                                                background-color: none;
                                                background-color:
                                                #fc418c; background:
                                                -moz-linear-gradient(top,#fc418c
                                                2%,#f40479 33%,#ee0471
                                                69%,#e20561
                                                95%)!important;background:
-webkit-gradient(linear,left top,left
bottom,color-stop(2%,#fc418c),color-stop(33%,#f40479),color-stop(69%,#ee0471),color-stop(95%,#e20561));background:
-o-linear-gradient(top,#fc418c 2%,#f40479 33%,#ee0471 69%,#e20561
                                                95%);background:
                                                -ms-linear-gradient(top,#fc418c
                                                2%,#f40479 33%,#ee0471
                                                69%,#e20561
                                                95%);background:
                                                linear-gradient(180deg,#fc418c
                                                2%,#f40479 33%,#ee0471
                                                69%,#e20561 95%);
                                                -moz-background-clip:
                                                padding;
                                                -webkit-background-clip:
                                                padding;
                                                background-clip:
                                                padding-box; color:
                                                #ffffff;
                                                -webkit-transform:
                                                skewX(-18deg);
                                                -moz-transform:
                                                skewX(-18deg);
                                                transform:
                                                skewX(-18deg);
                                                -o-transform:
                                                skewX(-18deg);
                                                -ms-transform:
                                                skewX(-18deg);"
                                                moz-do-not-send="true">
                                                <span style="display:
                                                  inline-block;
                                                  -webkit-transform:
                                                  skewX(18deg)!important;
                                                  -moz-transform:
                                                  skewX(18deg);transform:
skewX(18deg);-o-transform: skewX(18deg);-ms-transform: skewX(18deg);">SIGN
                                                  NOW</span> </a> <br>
                                              <!-- Dynamic component start -->
                                              <center class="wrapper"
                                                style="width:100%;
                                                table-layout:fixed;
                                                -webkit-text-size-adjust:100%;
-ms-text-size-adjust:100%; margin-bottom:0px;clear: both;">
                                                <table width="100%"
                                                  cellspacing="0"
                                                  cellpadding="0"
                                                  border="0">
                                                  <tbody>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td width="100%"
                                                        align="left">
                                                        <div
                                                          class="webkit"
style="max-width:280px; Margin:0 auto;">
                                                          <!--[ if (gte mso 9)|(IE) ]><table width="500" align="left" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" border="0" style="border-spacing:0;font-family:Arial,sans-serif;color:#121213;"><tr><td style="padding-top:0;padding-bottom:0;padding-right:0;padding-left:0;"><![ endif ]-->
                                                          <table
                                                          class="outer"
style="border-spacing:0; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; color:#121213;
                                                          Margin:0 auto;
                                                          width:100%;
                                                          max-width:280px;"
cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" align="left">
                                                          <tbody>
                                                          <tr>
                                                          <td
                                                          style="padding-top:0;
padding-bottom:0; padding-right:0; padding-left:0;">
                                                          <!-- ======= start counter block ======= -->
                                                          <div
                                                          class="live-counter">
                                                          <!-- Fallback to dynamic image for members using non-webkit clients. -->
                                                          <div
                                                          class="live-counter-fallback">
                                                          <a
href="https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/peoples_green_new_deal_loc/?bmHnYkb&amp;v=121116&amp;cl=16488933049&amp;_checksum=be16ca0613fa279d4945da4b63722464d78cd6e7695c6edea30ad1b3f808e041"
style="display: block;text-decoration: none;" moz-do-not-send="true"> <img
                                                          style="width:
100%;max-width: 280px;"
                                                          src="https://dynamail.avaaz.org/counter/en/40797/image.png?w=280"
moz-do-not-send="true"> </a> </div>
                                                          <a
href="https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/peoples_green_new_deal_loc/?bmHnYkb&amp;v=121116&amp;cl=16488933049&amp;_checksum=be16ca0613fa279d4945da4b63722464d78cd6e7695c6edea30ad1b3f808e041"
style="display: block;text-decoration: none;" moz-do-not-send="true">
                                                          <div
                                                          class="live-counter-container">
                                                          <div
                                                          class="counter">
                                                          <div
                                                          class="counter-progress-bar">
                                                          <div
                                                          class="counter-progress-bar-stripes">
                                                          </div>
                                                          <div
                                                          class="counter-progress-bar
counter-status">
                                                          <div
                                                          class="counter-status-stripes">
                                                          </div>
                                                          <div
                                                          class="counter-steps">
                                                          </div>
                                                          </div>
                                                          </div>
                                                          <div
                                                          class="counter-progress">
                                                          <span
                                                          class="counter-step
counter-step-31"></span>Â <span class="counter-progress-text"
                                                          style="text-transform:
                                                          none;"></span>Â <span
class="counter-target"></span> </div>
                                                          </div>
                                                          </div>
                                                          </a> </div>
                                                          <!-- ======= end counter block ======= -->
                                                          </td>
                                                          </tr>
                                                          </tbody>
                                                          </table>
                                                          <!--[ if (gte mso 9)|(IE) ]></td></tr></table><![ endif ]-->
                                                        </div>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                  </tbody>
                                                </table>
                                              </center>
                                              <!-- Dynamic component end -->
                                            </td>
                                          </tr>
                                        </tbody>
                                      </table>
                                    </td>
                                  </tr>
                                </tbody>
                              </table>
                              <!--[ if (gte mso)|(IE) ]>
                    </td>
                </tr>
            </table>
            <![ endif ]-->
                              <style type="text/css">
                <!--
                table.col-3 {
                    float: right;
                    width: 300px;
                }

                td[dir=rtl] table.ecxcol-3, td[dir=rtl] table.col-3 {
                    float: left!important;
                    margin-right: 15px!important;
                    margin-left: 0!important;
                    padding-right: 20px!important;
                }

                *[dir="rtl"] table[class*="col-3"] {
                    float: left;
                    margin-left: 0;
                    margin-right: 15px;
                    padding-right: 20px!important;
                }

                td.buttonCell {
                    font-size: 17px!important;
                }

                img.deviceWidth {
                    width: 300px;
                    height: 150px;
                    padding: 0;
                }

                img.buttonWidth {
                    width: 200px;
                    height: 34px;
                    padding: 0;
                }

                /* Give content more room on mobile */
                @-webkit-viewport   { width: device-width; }
                @-moz-viewport      { width: device-width; }
                @-ms-viewport       { width: device-width; }
                @-o-viewport        { width: device-width; }
                @viewport                      { width: device-width; }

                /* wrap long text and urls */
                .wordwrap {
                    white-space: pre;
                    white-space: pre-wrap;
                    white-space: pre-line;
                    white-space: -pre-wrap;
                    white-space: -o-pre-wrap;
                    white-space: -moz-pre-wrap;
                    word-wrap: break-word;
                    word-break: break-all;
                }

                @media  yahoo {
                    table.col-3 {
                        width: 300px;
                        float: right;
                        margin-left: 15px;
                        margin-right: 0;
                        margin-bottom: 15px;
                    }

                    *[dir="rtl"] table.*col-3 {
                        float: left;
                        margin-left: 0;
                        margin-right: 15px;
                        padding-right: 20px!important;
                    }

                    img.deviceWidth {
                        width: 100%;
                    }
                }

                /* Constrain email width for small screens and styles for forcing columns to rows */
                @media  only screen and (max-width: 600px) {
                    table[class="col-3"] {
                        /* unset table align="left/right" */
                        float: none!important;
                        display: block!important;
                        width: 100%!important;
                        max-width: 100%!important;

                        /* change left/right padding and margins to left/top/bottom ones */
                        margin-right: 0!important;
                        margin-left: 0!important;
                        margin-bottom: 12px!important;
                        padding-bottom: 12px!important;
                        border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;
                    }

                    td[class="buttonCell"] {
                        font-size: 21px!important;
                    }

                    img[class="deviceWidth"] {
                        max-width: 100%!important;
                        width: 100%!important;
                        height: auto!important;
                        padding: 0!important;
                    }

                    img[class="buttonWidth"] {
                        width: 400px!important;
                        height: 68px!important;
                        padding: 0!important;
                    }

                    /* align images right and shrink them a bit */
                    img[class="col-3-img"] {
                        float: right!important;
                        margin-left: 6px!important;
                        max-width: 130px!important;
                    }
                }

                @media  only screen and (max-device-width: 600px) {
                    table[class="col-3"] {
                        /* unset table align="left/right" */
                        float: none!important;
                        display: block!important;
                        width: 100%!important;
                        max-width: 100%!important;

                        /* change left/right padding and margins to left/top/bottom ones */
                        margin-right: 0!important;
                        margin-left: 0!important;
                        margin-bottom: 12px!important;
                        padding-bottom: 12px!important;
                        border-bottom: 1px solid #eee;
                    }

                    td[class="buttonCell"] {
                        font-size: 21px!important;
                    }

                    img[class="deviceWidth"] {
                        max-width: 100%!important;
                        width: 100%!important;
                        height: auto!important;
                        padding: 0!important;
                    }

                    img[class="buttonWidth"] {
                        width: 400px!important;
                        height: 68px!important;
                        padding: 0!important;
                    }

                    /* align images right and shrink them a bit */
                    img[class="col-3-img"] {
                        float: right!important;
                        margin-left: 6px!important;
                        max-width: 130px!important;
                    }
                }

                @media  only screen and (max-width: 479px) {
                    table[class="col-3"] {
                        float: none!important;
                        margin-right: 0!important;
                        margin-left: 0!important;
                        display: block!important;
                        width: 100%!important;
                    }

                    td[class="buttonCell"] {
                        font-size: 17px!important;
                        line-height: 20px!important;
                    }

                    img[class="deviceWidth"] {
                        max-width: 100%!important;
                        width: 100%!important;
                        height: auto!important;
                        padding: 0!important;
                    }

                    img[class="buttonWidth"] {
                        width: 200px!important;
                        height: 34px!important;
                        padding: 0!important;
                    }
                }

                @media  only screen and (max-device-width: 479px) {
                    table[class="col-3"] {
                        float: none!important;
                        margin-right: 0!important;
                        margin-left: 0!important;
                        display: block!important;
                        width: 100%!important;
                    }

                    td[class="buttonCell"] {
                        font-size: 17px!important;
                        line-height: 20px!important;
                    }

                    img[class="deviceWidth"] {
                        max-width: 100%!important;
                        width: 100%!important;
                        height: auto!important;
                        padding: 0!important;
                    }

                    img[class="buttonWidth"] {
                        width: 200px!important;
                        height: 34px!important;
                        padding: 0!important;
                    }
                }

                @media  screen and (-ms-high-contrast: active), (-ms-high-contrast: none) {
                    /* IE10-specific styles go here */
                    table[class="ecxcol-3"], table[class="col-3"] {
                        width: 300px!important;
                    }

                    td[dir="rtl"] table[class="ecxcol-3"], td[dir="rtl"] table[class="col-3"] {
                        float: left!important;
                        margin-left: 0!important;
                        padding-right: 20px!important;
                    }
                }
                -->
            </style> <img
                                src="https://open.avaaz.org/act/open/16488933049.gif"
                                moz-do-not-send="true" border="0">
                              <div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
                                Dear friends, <br>
                                <br>
                                Scientists just warned that <strong>the
                                  climate could be on the cusp of
                                  completely spiraling out of control!</strong><br>
                                <br>
                                From burning rainforests to melting ice
                                caps, we could be close to hitting a
                                series of climate âtipping pointsâ that
                                would trigger a nightmare we canât stop.<br>
                                <br>
                                But <strong>we still have a brief
                                  window left to act</strong> -- ten
                                years to cut global carbon pollution in
                                half, thirty to get it to zero. To do
                                it, we urgently need massive investment
                                in clean energy and green jobs -- and
                                Europe could be about to lead the way.<br>
                                <br>
                                <strong>In 24 hours, the EU will propose
                                  a game-changing âGreen Dealâ</strong>
                                that could spark a global climate
                                revolution. But fossil fuels blockers
                                have derailed key parts of the deal once
                                before -- so <strong>letâs build
                                  massive backing, and deliver it with
                                  polls showing huge public support</strong>
                                across Europe, then push countries
                                everywhere to get on board to save
                                everything we love! <br>
                                <br>
                                <a class="wordwrap" href="https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/peoples_green_new_deal_loc/?bmHnYkb&amp;v=121116&amp;cl=16488933049&amp;_checksum=be16ca0613fa279d4945da4b63722464d78cd6e7695c6edea30ad1b3f808e041" moz-do-not-send="true"><b><u>Click here to sign!</u></b></a>
                                <br>
                                <br>
                                Avoiding climate catastrophe can only
                                happen with <strong>massive investment
                                  in green technology and jobs to switch
                                  the entire economy away from filthy
                                  fossils</strong>. Thatâs why the idea
                                of the Green Deal could be so powerful
                                -- making zero-carbon targets legally
                                binding and ensuring no one is left
                                behind.<br>
                                <br>
                                <strong>Winning Europe is the best way
                                  to launch a cascade of Green New Deals
                                  across the planet</strong> to make our
                                vision of a world run on 100% clean
                                energy a reality. With a massive global
                                campaign, opinion polls showing huge
                                support and hard-hitting ads in key
                                media outlets, weâll make sure all
                                global leaders know people everywhere
                                are demanding action to tackle the
                                climate crisis.<br>
                                <br>
                                <strong>This is our moment of truth</strong>.
                                We can stand on the sidelines or fight
                                for our future. Right now, fossil fuel
                                lobbyists are doing all they can to
                                undermine this amazing idea -- so <strong>letâs
                                  stand up and defend it, for us, for
                                  our children, and for generations to
                                  come.</strong> <br>
                                <br>
                                <a class="wordwrap" href="https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/peoples_green_new_deal_loc/?bmHnYkb&amp;v=121116&amp;cl=16488933049&amp;_checksum=be16ca0613fa279d4945da4b63722464d78cd6e7695c6edea30ad1b3f808e041" moz-do-not-send="true"><b><u>Click here to sign!</u></b></a>
                                <br>
                                <br>
                              </div>
                              <div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">Weâre
                                standing on the cusp of a new decade,
                                and itâs one that will make or break our
                                future. If we rise to the climate
                                challenge, weâll have turned a crisis
                                into something beautiful, that will move
                                us closer to the world we want. Letâs
                                make this a climate tipping point to be
                                proud of -- the moment we turned away
                                from carbon for good.<br>
                                <br>
                                With hope and determination,<br>
                                <br>
                                Christoph, Bert, Alice, Pascal, Marie,
                                Melanie, Luis and the rest of the Avaaz
                                team<br>
                                <br>
                                More information:<br>
                                <br>
                                New EU chief flags climate policy as
                                Europeâs ânew growth strategyâ
                                (Euractiv)<br>
                                <a
href="https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy-environment/news/new-eu-chief-flags-climate-policy-as-europes-new-growth-strategy/"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy-environment/news/new-eu-chief-flags-climate-policy-as-europes-new-growth-strategy/<br>
                                </a><br>
                                Proposed EU-wide 'climate law' would set
                                net-zero carbon target by 2050 (The
                                Guardian)<br>
                                <a
href="https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/nov/29/first-eu-wide-climate-law-to-set-net-zero-carbon-target-by-2050/"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/nov/29/first-eu-wide-climate-law-to-set-net-zero-carbon-target-by-2050<br>
                                </a><br>
                                What is the Green New Deal? (The
                                Guardian)<br>
                                <a
href="https://www.theguardian.com/environment/video/2019/nov/29/what-is-the-green-new-deal"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">https://www.theguardian.com/environment/video/2019/nov/29/what-is-the-green-new-deal<br>
                                </a><br>
                                European Parliament declares global
                                climate emergency (Politico.eu)<br>
                                <a
href="https://www.politico.eu/article/european-parliament-declares-global-climate-emergency/"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">https://www.politico.eu/article/european-parliament-declares-global-climate-emergency/</a><br>
                                <br>
                                Climate tipping points -- Too risky to
                                bet against<br>
                                <a
                                  href="https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-019-03595-0"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-019-03595-0</a>Â </div>
                            </td>
                          </tr>
                        </tbody>
                      </table>
                      <!--/ end .columns-container-->
                      <!-- ### END CONTENT ### --> </td>
                  </tr>
                </tbody>
              </table>
              <!--/600px container --> </td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
      <style type="text/css">
    <!--
    /* Resets: see reset.css for details */
    .ReadMsgBody {
        width: 100%;
        background-color: #ffffff;
    }

    .ExternalClass {
        width: 100%;
        background-color: #ffffff;
    }

    .ExternalClass, .ExternalClass p, .ExternalClass span, .ExternalClass font, .ExternalClass td, .ExternalClass div {
        line-height: 100%;
    }

    body {
        margin:0;
        padding: 0;
        -webkit-text-size-adjust: none;
        -ms-text-size-adjust: none;
        font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
    }

    table {
        border-spacing: 0;
    }

    table td {
        border-collapse: collapse;
    }

    .yshortcuts a {
        border-bottom: none!important;
    }

    td.buttonCell {
        font-size: 17px!important;
    }

    img.deviceWidth {
        width: 300px;
        height: 150px;
        padding: 0;
    }

    img.buttonWidth {
        width: 200px;
        height: 34px;
        padding: 0;
    }

    /* Give content more room on mobile */
    @-webkit-viewport   { width: device-width; }
    @-moz-viewport      { width: device-width; }
    @-ms-viewport       { width: device-width; }
    @-o-viewport        { width: device-width; }
    @viewport                      { width: device-width; }

    /* wrap long text and urls */
    .wordwrap {
        white-space: pre;
        white-space: pre-wrap;
        white-space: pre-line;
        white-space: -pre-wrap;
        white-space: -o-pre-wrap;
        white-space: -moz-pre-wrap;
        word-wrap: break-word;
        word-break: break-all;
    }

    @media  yahoo {
        img.deviceWidth {
            width: 100%;
        }
    }

    /* Constrain email width for small screens and styles for forcing columns to rows */
    @media  only screen and (max-width: 600px) {
        table[class="container"] {
            width: 95%!important;
        }

        *[class=columns-container] {
            width: 100%!important;
        }

        /* force container columns to (horizontal) blocks */
        td[class="force-col"] {
            display: block!important;
            padding-right: 0!important;
            padding-left: 0!important;
        }

        td[class="buttonCell"] {
            font-size: 21px!important;
        }

        img[class="deviceWidth"] {
            max-width: 100%!important;
            width: 100%!important;
            height: auto!important;
            padding: 0!important;
        }

        img[class="buttonWidth"] {
            width: 400px!important;
            height: 68px!important;
            padding: 0!important;
        }
    }

    @media  only screen and (max-device-width: 600px) {
        table[class="container"] {
            width: 95%!important;
        }

        *[class=columns-container] {
            width: 100%!important;
        }

        /* force container columns to (horizontal) blocks */
        td[class="force-col"] {
            display: block!important;
            padding-right: 0!important;
            padding-left: 0!important;
        }

        td[class="buttonCell"] {
            font-size: 21px!important;
        }

        img[class="deviceWidth"] {
            max-width: 100%!important;
            width: 100%!important;
            height: auto!important;
            padding: 0!important;
        }

        img[class="buttonWidth"] {
            width: 400px!important;
            height: 68px!important;
            padding: 0!important;
        }
    }

    @media  only screen and (max-width: 479px) {
        *[class=columns-container] {
            width: 100%!important;
        }

        td[class="container-padding"] {
            padding-left: 12px!important;
            padding-right: 12px!important;
        }

        td[class="buttonCell"] {
            font-size: 17px!important;
            line-height: 20px!important;
        }

        img[class="deviceWidth"] {
            max-width: 100%!important;
            width: 100%!important;
            height: auto!important;
            padding: 0!important;
        }

        img[class="buttonWidth"] {
            width: 200px!important;
            height: 34px!important;
            padding: 0!important;
        }
    }

    @media  only screen and (max-device-width: 479px) {
        *[class=columns-container] {
            width: 100%!important;
        }

        td[class="container-padding"] {
            padding-left: 12px!important;
            padding-right: 12px!important;
        }

        td[class="buttonCell"] {
            font-size: 17px!important;
            line-height: 20px!important;
        }

        img[class="deviceWidth"] {
            max-width: 100%!important;
            width: 100%!important;
            height: auto!important;
            padding: 0!important;
        }

        img[class="buttonWidth"] {
            width: 200px!important;
            height: 34px!important;
            padding: 0!important;
        }
    }
    -->
</style><font size="-2" color="#3F3F3F">
        <b><br>
          Avaaz is a 51-million-person global campaign network</b> that
        works to ensure that the views and values of the world's people
        shape global decision-making. ("Avaaz" means "voice" or "song"
        in many languages.) Avaaz members live in every nation of the
        world; our team is spread across 18 countries on 6 continents
        and operates in 17 languages. Learn about some of Avaaz's
        biggest campaigns <a
          href="https://www.avaaz.org/en/highlights/?footer"
          moz-do-not-send="true">here</a>, or follow us on <a
          href="https://www.facebook.com/Avaaz" moz-do-not-send="true">Facebook</a>,
        <a href="https://twitter.com/Avaaz" moz-do-not-send="true">Twitter</a>,
        or <a href="https://www.instagram.com/avaaz_org/"
          moz-do-not-send="true">Instagram</a>.<br>
      </font><font size="-2" color="#696969"><br>
        You became a member of the Avaaz movement and started receiving
        these emails when you signed "<span>help protect</span>
        <span>PapahÄnaumokuÄkea</span>" on 2016-08-01 using the email
        address <a class="moz-txt-link-abbreviated" href="mailto:iuri@iurix.com">iuri@iurix.com</a>.<br>
        To ensure that Avaaz messages reach your inbox, please add
        <a class="moz-txt-link-abbreviated" href="mailto:avaaz@avaaz.org">avaaz@avaaz.org</a> to your address book. To change your email
        address, language settings, or other personal information, <a
          href="https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer"
          moz-do-not-send="true">contact us</a>, or simply <b><a
href="https://secure.avaaz.org/act/?r=unsub&amp;v=121116&amp;lang=en&amp;cid=40797&amp;_checksum=be16ca0613fa279d4945da4b63722464d78cd6e7695c6edea30ad1b3f808e041&amp;source=blast_footer"
            moz-do-not-send="true">go here to unsubscribe</a></b>.</font><br>
      <br>
      <font size="-2" color="#696969">To contact Avaaz, please <b>do
          not reply to this email.</b> Instead, write to us at <a
          href="https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer"
          moz-do-not-send="true">https://www.avaaz.org/en/contact/?footer</a>
        or call us at +1-888-922-8229 (US).</font> </div>
  </body>
</html>
}