text/html {<html>
  <head>

    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
  </head>
  <body bgcolor="#FFFFFF" text="#000000">
    <br>
    <div class="moz-forward-container">
      <div style="width: 640px; margin: 0 auto; min-width: 640px;
        max-width: 640px;">
        <div style="letter-spacing: 636px; line-height: 0; mso-hide:
          all">Â </div>
        <table style="width: 100%;" border="0" cellspacing="0"
          cellpadding="0">
          <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td><br>
              </td>
              <td width="640">
                <table style="width: 100%; border-spacing: 0;
                  border-collapse: collapse;">
                  <tbody>
                    <tr>
                      <td style="padding: 0;">
                        <div style="display: block; width: 100%;
                          background: #204ECF;">
                          <table style="width: 100%; background:
                            #204ECF;" border="0" cellspacing="0"
                            cellpadding="0">
                            <tbody>
                              <tr>
                                <td colspan="4" style="padding: 0;"
                                  height="22"><br>
                                </td>
                              </tr>
                              <tr>
                                <td style="padding: 0;" width="20"><br>
                                </td>
                                <td style="vertical-align: middle;"> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W886l-z2rJ-jLW94-SpK40qZwF0/5/f18dQhb0Sjvc8YXN32N7rRy-jHyjJqW8qCmpd3My3m0W3hHh8X2P7_nXVcnTGj992gLmW4t0sSr1n3kJCW7nwMJH1xbWNZW26nPn92yH5cmW26p8qv61SSZmW7mG7sD51vX4yW6Gmspn1dqWs6W6nfQxS4s2K_hW5CRkYj5NWmFkV-zk2J47YlYyW4bfcHb47Xx4zW3C811X4-TPrsW2KQ2YY6lD20dW49WVtr3VVg3wW3y7v1R6G2lbzN7NMdQN4cNXyW75WRHJ3r54t5W4zdBdC8t2Jk0W49mvkK4zhRFjW8Wy8xy4xJ4nhW1D4SK83NKPtxMKl---DdrllW7zxmgW3Dcd16W6q2JNl6cx6D4W1k7Zjm3cx-L2W8NYT2m6sfRGFW7N3Rxv45-8-QVM42VP12djLSW5gSHY56H5W1CW37P0d415hnZlW2Z_zlj5D8ns9VxKbDf1ymH-qN3xxDzQJhvMKW8XjxN56g56h_W3LqpVy2fgqs4Vf_K6L2NbhzdN8SgrMF4ZDMLD2LMBkWh7cf4W-SDq03"
                                    data-hs-link-id="0" target="_blank"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true"><img
src="https://uploads.toptal.io/blog/image/126936/toptal-blog-image-1534853015367-19063c5267213474b04a827f089ad0c2.png"
                                      alt="" style="float: left;"
                                      moz-do-not-send="true" height="29"></a>
                                </td>
                                <td style="vertical-align: middle;
                                  text-align: right;" align="right">
                                  <table border="0" align="right"
                                    cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
                                    <tbody>
                                      <tr>
                                        <td> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W3mz4sg7Gw6GWVfdJ_y1Jrq040/5/f18dQhb0Sjvb8YXMVzN7rRy-jHyjJqW8qCmpd3My3m0N3hHhbrVMsQMVnQ9Qq8Z_pJ9W2MyX6Q8YztwfW8Z_tb32K85XMW31mwRD2MznrNN5nbq6BGXpVfW3ZD1X32qVftPW3ppM5y8W51BJW1TxP_c2cHyfvW4fhyL7560qrCW5ZpycS57-ZBTW83C5JP37RhtbW7NrMZs3ndfYDW4W9-ml5mKjF6N3lrYZ4z74JcVYSX-57m_B1RW5c8d-S3788szW5kF1VM62DwbNVPBTrn4DyCP2W2p3BM_5Dkq90W3Lvmr01qKM2FW3LqxLn8JPvFvV27ylX2zTYG4V2y4tr42ZV1BW1Khf4b1KCttxW4sH5VQ3M5H41W8nxrrm7y6hW2W5cZnjq1JJBHFW6Z-ZXN49kJ93W6fDNZP11rnNbV4Vjhv6MZRMGW54FQg83gxhK0W4x_ZJT1ny5pjW6w3KTw3_LWP1W12tQv86sHxlgW8g5W-z4xSzxCW7-4zl33J_Wr4MtJCL43_BTYf5NgXzf11"
                                            data-hs-link-id="0"
                                            target="_blank"
                                            moz-do-not-send="true"><img
src="https://uploads.toptal.io/blog/image/125668/toptal-blog-image-1521005292111-0582221c638699855c9370718a6dc648.png"
                                              alt=""
                                              style="vertical-align:
                                              top;"
                                              moz-do-not-send="true"
                                              width="32"></a> </td>
                                        <td width="20">Â </td>
                                        <td> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W2W0PH463crZlW5k1n1d5BfCwx0/5/f18dQhb0SbTX8Y9ZP0W5vB61F1m4DtzW7v4SX37t58LcW6Dk5R21SrC8dVLDpF18CSvhfW8DrTT23KzZKHW8rCJJ_8tBFq3N8m1tVXRJWYmW8l2nK08r4b46W63lffJ5_MPY7W81gM8-7d-tJnVQJ99n8tsM52W62cMPM3ppM5yW8W51BJ1TxP_cW2cHyfv4fhHg6W8hTJV48lwVXYW8hS2967bj20MW3c_zs67J39qHW2m8DqK2HT8mrW6lNz9k8DNj1dW8QKpyr4sj3hVW2BcyM91mGWmCW5PT_RS5wdSX-W2HbTVm420LVZN641XKKYwFDmVdDP5c2zqr5nW4DpkJR87TnY5N6mkw-lXTZpcW861RHz7cyRgNVXJ6LV15yXW2W8qMr8p3SZ_ZZV3M03r7n9Jw3W9jgftB5P5H0XW9jF4xs6SSJNcMw97znVzQv-VVn7DD1Ff1gFN2N2X6_W2lQbW4Jz7-R2nRylcW5qPqPN70yPrlW3VBLXh2-zp9fW7NQWKF3prz44W48lcNG5fKXHgVrVprC56gBW-W92Zh6f3NdJkK0"
                                            data-hs-link-id="0"
                                            target="_blank"
                                            moz-do-not-send="true"><img
src="https://uploads.toptal.io/blog/image/125667/toptal-blog-image-1521005283540-4d933a4bb042a18e5843222a037d0201.png"
                                              alt=""
                                              style="vertical-align:
                                              top;"
                                              moz-do-not-send="true"
                                              width="32"></a> </td>
                                        <td width="20">Â </td>
                                        <td> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W8L362V502DN2W5Ky1Pw33TNyh0/5/f18dQhb0SbTR8YXNq0N7rRy-jHyjJqW8qCmpd3My3m0W3hHhdt2P7_nXVcnTGj992gLmW4txBlX6b16HkW7Z5GVw6PZb6JVb8m6N1xbWNZW26nPn92yH4W5W1nrCGB51LTg5W5DHNj21f1W6KVqmbPC3ppM5yW8W51BJ1TxP_cW2cHyfv4fhHf-W8hTJV48lwVXYW8hS2967bj1_4VFLkzn5rC5Q6W80MMfG5DFWr2W5mKjF63m2gsrW53X_Zp52YlfxW3_8mpl9fgwMTW4fP9h_5b4fhSVKJ-021zrP--W8Vm3vG7JXL22W4jL4s42cN50jW75_Ms-1ysVP_W1V7v4c1yl07YW75SLMV5mxdXLW8TQtqd53qHygW82Qd-G8T_K-HW83zZ466yR8_BW6gWBnN7w6FWpW8Tn45B13L4VZW3MYtL8294YPHW1NFfl48P4pWxW8RhZrM3JLpG4W8KVZFt3jzyPPW5bN25_81Jhp9W6nFRz52hwH-CW44XPPN1TTw44W1J5F1d8W-_sLN6Q3Qs6rLh9QVrHPJd77R5TN102"
                                            data-hs-link-id="0"
                                            target="_blank"
                                            moz-do-not-send="true"><img
src="https://uploads.toptal.io/blog/image/125666/toptal-blog-image-1521005268330-d7ae3975c766ab789a8da965bd772e6a.png"
                                              alt=""
                                              style="vertical-align:
                                              top;"
                                              moz-do-not-send="true"
                                              width="32"></a> </td>
                                      </tr>
                                    </tbody>
                                  </table>
                                </td>
                                <td style="padding: 0;" width="20"><br>
                                </td>
                              </tr>
                              <tr>
                                <td colspan="4" style="padding: 0;"
                                  height="22"><br>
                                </td>
                              </tr>
                            </tbody>
                          </table>
                        </div>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td style="padding: 0;">
                        <div style="display: block; width: 100%;
                          overflow: hidden; background: #FFFFFF;
                          background: linear-gradient(180deg, #11286C
                          334px, #FFFFFF 334px);">
                          <div style="display: block; width: 640px;
                            margin: 0 auto; padding: 0 0 8px;
                            background:
url(https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/uploaded_file/file/53017/image-1568717539926-0c2d1f7e94b464d7934f412784bfedad.png)
                            0% 0% / 640px 334px no-repeat;
                            background-image:
url(https://bs-uploads.toptal.io/blackfish-uploads/uploaded_file/file/53017/image-1568717539926-0c2d1f7e94b464d7934f412784bfedad.png);
                            background-size: 640px 334px;
                            background-repeat: no-repeat;"> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W3SjWjR2Y_C87W2TbWg19gfkNQ0/5/f18dQhb0SbTP8XJ8T4N7rRy-jHyjJqW8qCmpd3My3m0W3hHh9c2P7_nXVcnTGj992gLmW4t0sSr1n3kJCW7nwMJH69LRLsW5CR0N32xX_8SW8pgMj56b-nVBW96dL8P61SSZmW7mG7sD51vX4yW6Gmsp01dqWs6W6nfQxS4s2K_hW5CRkYj5Pn_RFW6QbKlF2y0YtcW2-J-SL2z_tPYW41Q2SW6gs7FKW3VKVtL6nGl8CW2PS3VF8wc1FmW73DbNn7P1-wWN33FK-yqPkxDVnjZC84hkm-DW8VQDhf5MX1wxW7sfjhW8T4tZdW7sWNl58VzwrqW6xhFQ05NLq2gW2Qq6X52qYm98W2bPdNx53M3vvW6W0wDW6fPnYTW5nwrFd3r4xxPW78nJj874Q8q7W30YdWc76LlmwW32dtwx4bVm-XW2p8_TT7-cq3tW3d0zvx4p7yDTW2zQtpr3KrG0kW26QZJd67vbtgW4J35S42N6LNtW7wZT7H6jb9X-W5CwsYw92_wh5W15X4z21DJmvGN7cQtYlmRw0WDdXyXbM4QJf4mr-TH03"
                              style="display: block; width: 100%;
                              height: 296px; text-decoration: none;"
                              data-hs-link-id="0" target="_blank"
                              moz-do-not-send="true">Â </a>
                            <table style="width: 100%;" border="0"
                              cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
                              <tbody>
                                <tr>
                                  <td style="padding: 0;" width="16"><br>
                                  </td>
                                  <td>
                                    <table style="width: 100%;
                                      background: #fff;" border="0"
                                      cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
                                      <tbody>
                                        <tr>
                                          <td colspan="3"
                                            style="padding: 0;"
                                            height="30"><br>
                                          </td>
                                        </tr>
                                        <tr>
                                          <td style="padding: 0;"
                                            width="30"><br>
                                          </td>
                                          <td> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W2V9nQQ4jY08CW8-hj137Cbm9r0/5/f18dQhb0SbTP8XJ8T4N7rRy-jHyjJqW8qCmpd3My3m0W3hHh9c2P7_nXVcnTGj992gLmW4t0sSr1n3kJCW7nwMJH69LRLsW5CR0N32xX_8SW8pgMj56b-nVBW96dL8P61SSZmW7mG7sD51vX4yW6Gmsp01dqWs6W6nfQxS4s2K_hW5CRkYj5Pn_RFW6QbKlF2y0YtcW2-J-SL2z_tPYW41Q2SW6gs7FKW3VKVtL6nGl8CW2PS3VF8wc1FmW73DbNn7P1-wWN33FK-yqPkxDVnjZC84hkm-DW8VQDhf5MX1wxW7sfjhW8T4tZdW7sWNl58VzwrqW6xhFQ05NLq2gW2Qq6X52qYm98W2bPdNx53M3vvW6W0wDW6fPnYTW5nwrFd3r4xxPW78nJj874Q8q7W30YdWc76LlmwW32dtwx4bVm-XW2p8_TT7-cq3tW3d0zvx4p7yDTW2zQtpr3KrG0kW26QZJd67vbtgW4J35S42N6LNtW7wZT7H6jb9X-W5CwsYw92_wh5W15X4z21DJmvGN7cQtYlmRw3gMdXyXb1CNCmf2KGpcl03"
                                              style="text-decoration:
                                              none;" data-hs-link-id="1"
                                              target="_blank"
                                              moz-do-not-send="true">
                                              <h1 style="margin: 0;
                                                font-family: 'Helvetica
                                                Neue', Helvetica, 'Segoe
                                                UI', Arial, sans-serif;
                                                font-weight: 400;
                                                font-size: 30px; color:
                                                #204ECF;">Introducing:
                                                ETL Interview Questions</h1>
                                            </a>
                                            <table border="0"
                                              cellspacing="0"
                                              cellpadding="0">
                                              <tbody>
                                                <tr>
                                                  <td style="padding:
                                                    0;" height="18"><br>
                                                  </td>
                                                </tr>
                                                <tr>
                                                  <td style="padding: 0;
                                                    font-family:
                                                    'Helvetica Neue',
                                                    Helvetica, 'Segoe
                                                    UI', Arial,
                                                    sans-serif;
                                                    font-size: 16px;
                                                    line-height:
                                                    1.4375;">Toptal
                                                    introduces this
                                                    community-driven
                                                    list of great
                                                    interview questions
                                                    about ETL processes.
                                                    We've begun with an
                                                    initial curated
                                                    selection of
                                                    questions. Read
                                                    them, comment on
                                                    them, or even
                                                    contribute your own.
                                                    Toptal is pleased to
                                                    provide this service
                                                    to the community and
                                                    welcomes your
                                                    feedback.</td>
                                                </tr>
                                                <tr>
                                                  <td style="padding:
                                                    0;" height="32"><br>
                                                  </td>
                                                </tr>
                                                <tr>
                                                  <td style="padding:
                                                    0;"> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W1J_Wyc8y5khNW2S-HCb5NGn8b0/5/f18dQhb0SbTP8XJ8T4N7rRy-jHyjJqW8qCmpd3My3m0W3hHh9c2P7_nXVcnTGj992gLmW4t0sSr1n3kJCW7nwMJH69LRLsW5CR0N32xX_8SW8pgMj56b-nVBW96dL8P61SSZmW7mG7sD51vX4yW6Gmsp01dqWs6W6nfQxS4s2K_hW5CRkYj5Pn_RFW6QbKlF2y0YtcW2-J-SL2z_tPYW41Q2SW6gs7FKW3VKVtL6nGl8CW2PS3VF8wc1FmW73DbNn7P1-wWN33FK-yqPkxDVnjZC84hkm-DW8VQDhf5MX1wxW7sfjhW8T4tZdW7sWNl58VzwrqW6xhFQ05NLq2gW2Qq6X52qYm98W2bPdNx53M3vvW6W0wDW6fPnYTW5nwrFd3r4xxPW78nJj874Q8q7W30YdWc76LlmwW32dtwx4bVm-XW2p8_TT7-cq3tW3d0zvx4p7yDTW2zQtpr3KrG0kW26QZJd67vbtgW4J35S42N6LNtW7wZT7H6jb9X-W5CwsYw92_wh5W15X4z21DJmvGN7cQtYlmRw24mdXyXb63dvj3w203"
                                                      style="display:
                                                      inline-block;
                                                      border-width: 14px
                                                      48px 14px 48px;
                                                      border-style:
                                                      solid;
                                                      border-color:
                                                      #00CC83;
                                                      border-radius:
                                                      4px; background:
                                                      #00CC83; color:
                                                      #FFFFFF;
                                                      font-family:
                                                      'Helvetica Neue',
                                                      Helvetica, 'Segoe
                                                      UI', Arial,
                                                      sans-serif;
                                                      font-size: 15px;
                                                      font-weight: 700;
                                                      text-decoration:
                                                      none; text-align:
                                                      center;"
                                                      data-hs-link-id="2"
                                                      target="_blank"
                                                      moz-do-not-send="true">Continue
                                                      Reading</a> </td>
                                                </tr>
                                                <tr>
                                                  <td style="padding:
                                                    0;" height="10"><br>
                                                  </td>
                                                </tr>
                                              </tbody>
                                            </table>
                                          </td>
                                          <td style="padding: 0;"
                                            width="30"><br>
                                          </td>
                                        </tr>
                                        <tr>
                                          <td colspan="3"
                                            style="padding: 0;"
                                            height="30"><br>
                                          </td>
                                        </tr>
                                      </tbody>
                                    </table>
                                  </td>
                                  <td style="padding: 0;" width="16"><br>
                                  </td>
                                </tr>
                              </tbody>
                            </table>
                          </div>
                        </div>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td style="padding: 0;">
                        <table style="width: 100%; background: #F3F3F3;"
                          border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr>
                              <td colspan="3" style="padding: 0;"
                                height="40"><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                              <td style="padding: 0;" width="46"><br>
                              </td>
                              <td style="padding: 0;">
                                <table style="width: 100%; background:
                                  #F3F3F3;" border="0" cellspacing="0"
                                  cellpadding="0">
                                  <tbody>
                                    <tr>
                                      <td>
                                        <table style="width: 100%;"
                                          border="0" cellspacing="0"
                                          cellpadding="0">
                                          <tbody>
                                            <tr>
                                              <td style="padding: 0;
                                                max-width: 228px;"
                                                width="228" valign="top">
                                                <table style="width:
                                                  100%;" border="0"
                                                  cellspacing="0"
                                                  cellpadding="0">
                                                  <tbody>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" width="528">
                                                        <h2
                                                          style="margin:
                                                          0;
                                                          font-family:
                                                          'Helvetica
                                                          Neue',
                                                          Helvetica,
                                                          'Segoe UI',
                                                          Arial,
                                                          sans-serif;
                                                          font-weight:
                                                          400;
                                                          font-size:
                                                          24px;">Hiring
                                                          ETL
                                                          Developers?</h2>
                                                      </td>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td colspan="3"
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" height="20"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" width="46"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" width="528">
                                                        <p
                                                          style="margin-bottom:
                                                          1em;
                                                          font-family:
                                                          'Helvetica
                                                          Neue',
                                                          Helvetica,
                                                          'Segoe UI',
                                                          Arial,
                                                          sans-serif;
                                                          font-size:
                                                          14px;
                                                          line-height:
                                                          20px;">Looking
                                                          for an elite
                                                          ETL specialist
                                                          to join your
                                                          team? Get
                                                          started with a
                                                          Toptal
                                                          account.</p>
                                                      </td>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td colspan="3"
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" height="32"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" width="528">
                                                        <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W4LFXlH19tKvmM6XGh7jyk-q0/5/f18dQhb0Sjvc8YXN32N7rRy-jHyjJqW8qCmpd3My3m0W3hHh8X2P7_nXVcnTGj992gLmW4t0sSr1n3kJCW7nwMJH2l_vBgW5y6kC85RpDVPW32Bb_x5lhgkKVhZ1mT7BQDltW7PkS8t1Sxgm1W7C06FN1Hl_t1VhHQ6l8V6nHWW1YXXdV2N33B5W3_t0gL32Gf2QW4cBzLv49z-4PN2MV0XLbG0m9W8W1JLS2KSp23W2gvtCX3NnV4FW1nJpwv26pdfjW35yfsT2zkrW7W5vfTGp36mFWcN973LbQf6bQfW3J6pCL5zSzLVW5CWDYQ5CycMHN6SNfHHdvrsPMWnw51g50d_W6TLDw76LbXBQW6Mtqrj8tyLW3W5DjQwr5qQ_WbW294GMV29CCvRW6RMW2d99JvnHW7q7-Qc6jhn4lN45Ly2MkwRPgW8cKNT-1HlSMdW3J0MlJ8TSVVJW5qdN3F7j2LcDW6JPS8k49V-JfW72yH-N552XbsW8Pf-Nn3J50bwW5xSdpF1WPqF4VpV_-g47qNFx111"
style="display: inline-block; padding: 14px 48px; border: 1px solid
                                                          #C4C6CA;
                                                          border-radius:
                                                          4px;
                                                          background:
                                                          #FFFFFF;
                                                          color:
                                                          #00CC83;
                                                          font-family:
                                                          'Helvetica
                                                          Neue',
                                                          Helvetica,
                                                          'Segoe UI',
                                                          Arial,
                                                          sans-serif;
                                                          font-size:
                                                          15px;
                                                          font-weight:
                                                          700;
                                                          text-decoration:
                                                          none;
                                                          text-align:
                                                          center;"
                                                          data-hs-link-id="0"
target="_blank" moz-do-not-send="true">Start Hiring</a> </td>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" width="46"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td colspan="3"
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" height="40"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                  </tbody>
                                                </table>
                                              </td>
                                              <td style="padding: 0;"
                                                width="28"><br>
                                              </td>
                                              <td style="padding: 0;"
                                                valign="top">
                                                <table style="width:
                                                  100%;" border="0"
                                                  cellspacing="0"
                                                  cellpadding="0">
                                                  <tbody>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;">
                                                        <h3
                                                          style="margin-bottom:
                                                          32px; margin:
                                                          0;
                                                          font-family:
                                                          'Helvetica
                                                          Neue',
                                                          Helvetica,
                                                          'Segoe UI',
                                                          Arial,
                                                          sans-serif;
                                                          font-weight:
                                                          400;
                                                          font-size:
                                                          18px; color:
                                                          #455065;">Other
                                                          recommended
                                                          articles:</h3>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td
                                                        style="padding:
                                                        0;" height="32"><br>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                    <tr>
                                                      <td>
                                                        <ul
                                                          style="padding:
                                                          0 0 0 20px;">
                                                          <li
                                                          style="margin:
                                                          0 0 32px;"> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W7f7LQK41LHq2W4gRVD-8HnNZ60/5/f18dQhb0Sq5D8Y9ZwPW5vB61F1m4DtzW7v4SX37t58LcW6Dk5T61Nvw7TVLDpF18CSvhfW8CRP2G5qjcTMW1nPLDM65PtlnW8yV3J_65jv23W2qGLZG2ys4dkW634qtd7nwz2_W4NDZqJ4NMPjHW8mrJ3T7N31lPW5mNLNv7bqTzMN7vp5SXCY4G8W2z91pV8xX9CfW69Z7pL2mvTxgW4F2j123zgdzpW2-J-SL2z_tPYN41Q2Wg-zkGTW41TlcR3Tx3JbW5SPMBP5mKjF6W3m2dJD53X_ZpW53h8Q61G8MxxW1Bb4rM7R8zRnW7yTPsp4fv6pFW1DL-1S7qZRtdW1WdlyT7vW-CGW7k08QL4nJvbVN1PzK-VjGqTnW8Q65TF1CLWGzW8SQWbr6qSTRkW2VNw_V4mcqjwMzc8zrpPGlrN2KCHcRpFsLvW2XLGq17spDjtV9zM7D3Swq45W3xYQzj8csLSqW1035yc5xDJcqW8ycy2F5ZDXP2V42cYP3nNLLSW4309nb3JYW53W7mH4T76TfMvPW8SfcKB3zsfR1W1LKgD836sLG2w1NsfDK3Rcf4bZ55r02"
style="font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, 'Segoe UI', Arial,
                                                          sans-serif;
                                                          font-size:
                                                          14px;
                                                          text-decoration:
                                                          none; color:
                                                          #204ECF;"
                                                          data-hs-link-id="0"
target="_blank" moz-do-not-send="true">Three Principles of Data
                                                          Warehouse
                                                          Development</a>
                                                          </li>
                                                          <li
                                                          style="margin:
                                                          0 0 32px;"> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W8L9Jd35DMb2mW6Qg3w317nQb30/5/f18dQhb0SbTK8YHrCHN7rRy-jHyjJqW8qCmpd3My3m0W3hHh9Q2P7_nXVcnTGj992gLmW4t0sSr1n3kJCW7nwMJH2JcYVWW1wZtZQ90G7thN8S3yR5bY02SN4s7Xddc9ClYW6nfQxS4s2K_hW5CRkYj5Pn_RFW6QbzkZ47YlYyW4bfcHb47Xx4zW3C8dd25-GNDdW3VKVtL6nGl8CW2PS9sY2HT8mrW6l4VLX1gvjSzW8hz0Ys806yj3W70ml3s3qcT8sW8jS-1n2wZzk4W7prWJt6VWH48W1YtNRM850mp9W5dvv_S45P8TBVmVyVD56mv_FVpkFp56s1l7KW1lnGSS9dxsGpW8gbvb34mtDCjW9f3Gmf6Krr_0W6k0n3J6dhJXpW8VDcQX6V8B6hW2DbVk75DhyW9W1nzkMp19krKzW5xLd3b3hZGvWW4p7yDT2zQtprW3KrG0k26QZJdW67vbth4J35S4W2N6LNt7wZT7HW6jb9X-5CwsYwW92_wh515X4z2W1DJmvG7cQtYlMmRw0WdXyXbV1LBBm41JWhg103"
style="font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, 'Segoe UI', Arial,
                                                          sans-serif;
                                                          font-size:
                                                          14px;
                                                          text-decoration:
                                                          none; color:
                                                          #204ECF;"
                                                          data-hs-link-id="0"
target="_blank" moz-do-not-send="true">How to Hire an Excellent Big Data
                                                          Architect</a>
                                                          </li>
                                                          <li
                                                          style="margin:
                                                          0 0 32px;"> <a
href="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/c/*N3rWSrsKN03FW49SZDh4zGPN30/*W99dYwb6jmyTvW8vD97F36Pph80/5/f18dQhb0Sq5y8Y9WDlW5vB61F1m4DtzW7v4SX37t58LcW6Dk5QM1Qt2G2VLDpF18CSvhfW8CRP2G5qjcTMN1nPLDMSzwNqVRJzkh61LwVQW1wZtZQ2J5d6SW6QhhLc5CRk-zW3V568P1xbWNZW26nPn92yH4W5W1nrCGB51LTg5W5DHNj21cT6vCW58j9Sk7HMmhxW32Sq0b4J19F4W9d62DF76xt6PW5ZpycS57-ZBTW83C5JP6rY-3sW2KQ2YY1Gk5dXW2W7qvZ1ks0KjW38yYvQ1gvjSzW8hz0Ys806yj3W70ml3s3qcT8sW8jS-1n2wZzk4W7prWJt6VWH48W1YtNRM850mp9W5dvv_S45P8TBVmVyVD56mv_FVpkFp56s1l7KW1lnGSS9dxsGpW8gbvb34mtDCjW9f3Gmf6Krr_0W6k0n3J6dhJXpW8VDcQX6V8B6hW2DbVk75DhyW9MxhsXWrX3l1W6Vzt2R4ySJyQW5B_G1228LRgpW1jy4zN7gYsy3W8JpB4X3bkDwTW5ShSrP6K1z6TMXr-PsTy4NcW972r6J3pxWL3McTSRKcSh1rf5DLH6p02"
style="font-family: 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, 'Segoe UI', Arial,
                                                          sans-serif;
                                                          font-size:
                                                          14px;
                                                          text-decoration:
                                                          none; color:
                                                          #204ECF;"
                                                          data-hs-link-id="0"
target="_blank" moz-do-not-send="true">SQL Database Performance Tuning
                                                          for Developers</a>
                                                          </li>
                                                        </ul>
                                                      </td>
                                                    </tr>
                                                  </tbody>
                                                </table>
                                              </td>
                                            </tr>
                                          </tbody>
                                        </table>
                                      </td>
                                    </tr>
                                  </tbody>
                                </table>
                              </td>
                              <td style="padding: 0;" width="46"><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                              <td colspan="3" style="padding: 0;"
                                height="40"><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td style="padding: 0;">
                        <table style="width: 100%; background: #262D3D;
                          color: #C4C6CA;" border="0" cellspacing="0"
                          cellpadding="0">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr>
                              <td colspan="3" style="padding: 0;"
                                height="30"><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                              <td style="padding: 0;" width="46"><br>
                              </td>
                              <td style="padding: 0;" width="548">
                                <p style="margin-bottom: 1em; margin: 0;
                                  font-family: 'Helvetica Neue',
                                  Helvetica, 'Segoe UI', Arial,
                                  sans-serif; font-size: 13px;
                                  line-height: 22px;"> Â© 2010-2019
                                  Toptal, LLC. All rights reserved.
                                  Toptal, LLC, 2810 N. Church Street,
                                  Wilmington, Delaware 94104. </p>
                              </td>
                              <td style="padding: 0;"><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                              <td colspan="3" style="padding: 0;"
                                height="20"><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                              <td style="padding: 0;"><br>
                              </td>
                              <td style="padding: 0;" width="548">
                                <p style="margin-bottom: 1em; margin: 0;
                                  font-family: 'Helvetica Neue',
                                  Helvetica, 'Segoe UI', Arial,
                                  sans-serif; font-size: 13px;"><a
href="https://hs-2799924.s.hubspotemail.net/hs/manage-preferences/unsubscribe?d=Vn9bT08TP-CYVxrybv3SH9vJW49M9N-3Fbt5qW8MDL6b15gBJzW6HP8W67NCQ3NW5n2MZc55qd36N8cBm9NWW_BPN94ZnZsXk_7QVbw60r8DkLRDV7LRNj7YJkksw123xkWfd92&amp;v=3&amp;utm_campaign=Toptal%20Engineering%20Blog&amp;utm_source=hs_email&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_content=76926591&amp;_hsenc=p2ANqtz--IY3o9uaCbxywFNno5Rf7hi-o06Hj24WCN6x4KGhTEPxIh2VsKPbJsFozhDsbHDGE7noWf6FVPwjecCzWOA7dIDnlOMA&amp;_hsmi=76926591"
                                    style="text-decoration: none; color:
                                    #FFFFFF;" data-hs-link-id="0"
                                    target="_blank"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Update your
                                    subscription preferences</a></p>
                              </td>
                              <td style="padding: 0;" width="46"><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr>
                              <td colspan="3" style="padding: 0;"
                                height="30"><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                  </tbody>
                </table>
              </td>
              <td><br>
              </td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
      <!-- end coded_template: id:13681973343 path:Coded files/Custom/email/Engineering_Blog_Emails/20190917_ETL_InterviewQuestions.html -->
      <img
src="https://i1.t.hubspotemail.net/e2t/o/*W6MtrYn3SDYfPW26q-F31f3b-h0/*N8gp3sjrPhMZW5p5_6N3LVnys0/5/f18dQhb0Sdd21dtGktW1yqjqz1m6dnQW2MfDVf2MvYwRW9k7t1S1h5JfdMgl_781KsXyW1Kdyk85Yd8flW2_3ww65ShxNTW1fnj8J7pYqBHW88SlG-6DlQrKW1vhpP38BrZgrW1JKP4q249k6FN7hqXhrcSxm7cKT2d02"
        alt=""
style="display:none!important;min-height:1px!important;width:1px!important;border-width:0!important;margin-top:0!important;margin-bottom:0!important;margin-right:0!important;margin-left:0!important;padding-top:0!important;padding-bottom:0!important;padding-right:0!important;padding-left:0!important"
        moz-do-not-send="true" border="0" width="1" height="1">
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
}