text/html {<html>
  <head>

    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
  </head>
  <body bgcolor="#FFFFFF" text="#000000">
    <br>
    <div class="moz-forward-container">
      <div class="email-fillWidth email-backgroundWhite js-emailHeader"
        style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%; background-color: #ffffff;">
        <table class="email-digest email-paddingBottom0"
          style="border-spacing: 0; color: rgba(0 , 0 , 0 , 0.9);
          font-family: Arial , sans-serif; letter-spacing: 0em;
          line-height: 1.4; margin-top: 0; margin-right: auto;
          margin-bottom: 0; margin-left: auto; padding-left: 24px;
          padding-right: 24px; width: 100%; max-width: 648px;
          padding-bottom: 0px;">
          <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td class="email-fillWidth email-padding0"
                style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%; padding-top: 0px;
                padding-right: 0px; padding-bottom: 0px; padding-left:
                0px;">
                <div class="email-paddingTop30
                  email-textTransparentBlack" style="color: rgba(0 , 0 ,
                  0 , 0.54); padding-top: 30px;"><img
                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*5gCbsDPwqJZuveQ1HK7epw.png"
                    class="email-paddingBottom5" alt="Medium Logo"
                    style="padding-bottom: 5px;" moz-do-not-send="true"
                    width="291" height="25">
                  <div class="email-fontSize14 email-paddingTop8"
                    style="font-size: 14px; padding-top: 8px;">Stories
                    for Iuri Sampaio</div>
                </div>
              </td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
      <table class="email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%; width:
        100%;">
        <tbody>
          <tr>
            <td class="email-fillWidth email-padding0" style="min-width:
              100%; width: 100%; padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px;
              padding-bottom: 0px; padding-left: 0px;"><img
src="https://medium.com/_/stat?event=email.opened&amp;emailId=318e5c04-c95b-477f-a94a-3857b6b172be&amp;source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                moz-do-not-send="true" width="1" height="1">
              <div>
                <table class="email-digest" style="border-spacing: 0;
                  color: rgba(0 , 0 , 0 , 0.9); font-family: Arial ,
                  sans-serif; letter-spacing: 0em; line-height: 1.4;
                  margin-top: 0; margin-right: auto; margin-bottom: 0;
                  margin-left: auto; padding-left: 24px; padding-right:
                  24px; width: 100%; max-width: 648px;" width="600">
                  <tbody>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Todayâs highlights</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop16
                          email-marginBottom36 email-xs-marginBottom32
                          email-borderSpacing0 email-fillWidth"
                          style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%;
                          margin-top: 16px; margin-bottom: 36px;
                          border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr>
                              <td class="email-fillWidth
                                email-paddingBottom16
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12"
                                style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%;
                                padding-bottom: 16px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@JessicaLexicus/the-tragic-lives-of-pretty-people-51ce77c1a74a?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-fillWidth email-height200
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/600/600/1*UMURtEXtVXIk8jG9SQYayg.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; min-width: 100%; width:
                                    100%; max-height: 200px; height:
                                    200px; border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/600/200/1*UMURtEXtVXIk8jG9SQYayg.jpeg?q=50" width="600" height="200"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-xs-paddingLeft0
                                email-xs-block email-xs-fillWidth">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle--hero"
                                  style="font-size: 22px; line-height:
                                  1.27; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@JessicaLexicus/the-tragic-lives-of-pretty-people-51ce77c1a74a?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">The Tragic
                                    Lives of Pretty People</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Weâve turned
                                  beauty into a narcotic.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop12
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 12px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@JessicaLexicus?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Jessica
                                    Wildfire</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/splatterme?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">splattered</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">5 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@Shesreallyfat/the-fragile-male-ego-has-ruined-online-dating-1f743ea1d115?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*l0LKwl48NnsmfSR-U0KNOw.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*l0LKwl48NnsmfSR-U0KNOw.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@Shesreallyfat/the-fragile-male-ego-has-ruined-online-dating-1f743ea1d115?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">The Fragile
                                    Male Ego Has Ruined Online Dating</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">But it doesn't
                                  stop there...</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@Shesreallyfat?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Shannon
                                    Ashley</a> in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/awkwardly-honest?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Awkwardly
                                    Honest</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">7 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@johnpweiss/i-think-this-is-what-life-should-be-about-e9a064b4963a?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------2-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*GtQKm-5PIAjzczRB9Ei78Q.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*GtQKm-5PIAjzczRB9Ei78Q.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@johnpweiss/i-think-this-is-what-life-should-be-about-e9a064b4963a?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------2-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">I Think This
                                    Is What Life Should Be About</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Reflections on
                                  the things that matter</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@johnpweiss?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">John P. Weiss</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/personal-growth?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Personal
                                    Growth</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">8 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@TheCut/what-does-it-mean-that-elizabeth-holmes-doesnt-blink-e637ca1acb21?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------3-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/48/27/1*Mhxb4WAO9RxZQigOB4KwQQ.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 48% 27%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*Mhxb4WAO9RxZQigOB4KwQQ.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@TheCut/what-does-it-mean-that-elizabeth-holmes-doesnt-blink-e637ca1acb21?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------3-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-1&amp;sectionName=top"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">What Does It
                                    Mean That Elizabeth Holmes Doesnât
                                    Blink?</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">An expert on
                                  con artists explains her blinking</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@TheCut?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">The Cut</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">6 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td><br>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Based on your reading
                          history</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@Shesreallyfat/moby-and-the-fragile-male-ego-strikes-back-e3c54655980d?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-16&amp;sectionName=recommended"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*SkO-DxEbysE6nlyBPDusiQ.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*SkO-DxEbysE6nlyBPDusiQ.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@Shesreallyfat/moby-and-the-fragile-male-ego-strikes-back-e3c54655980d?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-16&amp;sectionName=recommended"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Moby and The
                                    Fragile Male Ego Strikes Back</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">We need to
                                  quit demanding that women force smiles
                                  to make men happy.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@Shesreallyfat?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Shannon
                                    Ashley</a> in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/awkwardly-honest?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Awkwardly
                                    Honest</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">9 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@JessicaLexicus/im-not-sexist-your-sic-just-stupid-4972d2b57862?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-16&amp;sectionName=recommended"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*5YzOyUp5pIiHVAu8OQhGtg.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*5YzOyUp5pIiHVAu8OQhGtg.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@JessicaLexicus/im-not-sexist-your-sic-just-stupid-4972d2b57862?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-59------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-16&amp;sectionName=recommended"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Iâm Not
                                    Sexist, Your [sic] Just Stupid</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Why some men
                                  canât stand the sight of a confident
                                  woman.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@JessicaLexicus?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Jessica
                                    Wildfire</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/splatterme?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">splattered</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">7 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Applause from people you
                          follow</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@kitze/github-stars-wont-pay-your-rent-8b348e12baed?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-3------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-5&amp;sectionName=recommended"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*4VX9xRv1-9tCc2ETdZOVhQ.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*4VX9xRv1-9tCc2ETdZOVhQ.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@kitze/github-stars-wont-pay-your-rent-8b348e12baed?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-3------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-5&amp;sectionName=recommended"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">GitHub stars
                                    wonât pay your rent</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Lessons
                                  learned and mistakes made while
                                  turning an open-source project into a
                                  profitable SaaS product.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@kitze?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Kitze</a><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">18 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Best in Javascript</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@timothyrobards/javascript-fundamentals-understanding-apis-3552c822c3e8?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-49------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*pPV7TAWDERyw1qZ9QWDgcw.png?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*pPV7TAWDERyw1qZ9QWDgcw.png?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@timothyrobards/javascript-fundamentals-understanding-apis-3552c822c3e8?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-49------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">JavaScript
                                    Fundamentals: Understanding APIs</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Application
                                  Programming Interfaces (APIs) can be
                                  defined as sets of functions and
                                  procedures which areâ¦</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@timothyrobards?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Timothy
                                    Robards</a> in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/itnext?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">ITNEXT</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">7 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@prosetech/a-simple-introduction-to-web-workers-in-javascript-b3504f9d9d1c?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-49------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*ycASvopKDmojskJ4VNXdfQ.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*ycASvopKDmojskJ4VNXdfQ.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@prosetech/a-simple-introduction-to-web-workers-in-javascript-b3504f9d9d1c?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-49------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">A Simple
                                    Introduction to Web Workers in
                                    JavaScript</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">How your
                                  JavaScript code can do more than one
                                  task at a time</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@prosetech?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Matthew
                                    MacDonald</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/young-coder?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Young Coder</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">9 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@prosetech/setting-up-javascript-debugging-in-visual-studio-code-6c5005529987?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------2-49------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*BDKfPikapIOxZIpGlMgikg.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*BDKfPikapIOxZIpGlMgikg.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@prosetech/setting-up-javascript-debugging-in-visual-studio-code-6c5005529987?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------2-49------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-11&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Setting up
                                    JavaScript Debugging in Visual
                                    Studio Code</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Part of
                                  learning to program is watching your
                                  code in action</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@prosetech?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Matthew
                                    MacDonald</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/young-coder?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Young Coder</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">8 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Best in Relationships<a
                            class="link u-baseColor--link"
href="https://medium.com/_/api/requests/caa37dbbf6c1?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12"
                            style="color: #333332; text-decoration:
                            none;" moz-do-not-send="true">
                            <div class="email-normal email-marginLeft20
                              email-button email-button--bordered
                              email-digestFollowButton email-xs-hide"
                              style="display: inline-block; position:
                              relative; height: auto; line-height: 1.6;
                              padding-top: 0; padding-right: 20px;
                              padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 20px;
                              border: 1px solid #03a87c; outline: 0;
                              color: #03a87c; background-color: #ffffff;
                              font-size: 14px; font-style: normal;
                              font-weight: 400; text-align: center;
                              text-decoration: none; cursor: pointer;
                              white-space: nowrap; text-rendering:
                              optimizeLegibility;
                              -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
                              user-select: none; border-radius: 4px;
                              margin-left: 20px;">Follow</div>
                          </a></div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@vmschaffel/how-to-tell-if-that-feeling-is-true-love-or-dysfunction-c7e39ff69ab2?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-50------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/39/30/1*NJQpCyRSjljt0Wlv4v0H3g.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 39% 30%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*NJQpCyRSjljt0Wlv4v0H3g.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@vmschaffel/how-to-tell-if-that-feeling-is-true-love-or-dysfunction-c7e39ff69ab2?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-50------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">How to Tell
                                    if That Feeling Is True Love or
                                    Dysfunction</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Tortured
                                  romance isnât actually romantic</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@vmschaffel?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Viv
                                    Manning-Schaffel</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/forge?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Forge</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">4 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Best in Family<a
                            class="link u-baseColor--link"
href="https://medium.com/_/api/requests/2fd38a147c74?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12"
                            style="color: #333332; text-decoration:
                            none;" moz-do-not-send="true">
                            <div class="email-normal email-marginLeft20
                              email-button email-button--bordered
                              email-digestFollowButton email-xs-hide"
                              style="display: inline-block; position:
                              relative; height: auto; line-height: 1.6;
                              padding-top: 0; padding-right: 20px;
                              padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 20px;
                              border: 1px solid #03a87c; outline: 0;
                              color: #03a87c; background-color: #ffffff;
                              font-size: 14px; font-style: normal;
                              font-weight: 400; text-align: center;
                              text-decoration: none; cursor: pointer;
                              white-space: nowrap; text-rendering:
                              optimizeLegibility;
                              -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
                              user-select: none; border-radius: 4px;
                              margin-left: 20px;">Follow</div>
                          </a></div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@julia_wertz/things-you-might-not-know-about-miscarriage-4cf8990915f3?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-50------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/50/36/1*7bqt211ptAapFiW-mu1AmA.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 36%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*7bqt211ptAapFiW-mu1AmA.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@julia_wertz/things-you-might-not-know-about-miscarriage-4cf8990915f3?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-50------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Things You
                                    Might Not Know About Miscarriage</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Trigger
                                  warning: gallows humor</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@julia_wertz?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Julia Wertz</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/spiralbound?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Spiralbound</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">1 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@lindsayrobertson/what-to-expect-when-your-parent-is-dying-e017cec3c366?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-50------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/47/41/1*lcnbpkFp5PNJid6p6h8BDg.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 47% 41%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*lcnbpkFp5PNJid6p6h8BDg.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@lindsayrobertson/what-to-expect-when-your-parent-is-dying-e017cec3c366?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-50------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">What to
                                    Expect When Your Parent Is Dying</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">A conversation
                                  with a hospice director</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@lindsayrobertson?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Lindsay
                                    Robertson</a><img
                                    src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">6 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Best in Humor<a class="link
                            u-baseColor--link"
href="https://medium.com/_/api/requests/2e8d426e9f61?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12"
                            style="color: #333332; text-decoration:
                            none;" moz-do-not-send="true">
                            <div class="email-normal email-marginLeft20
                              email-button email-button--bordered
                              email-digestFollowButton email-xs-hide"
                              style="display: inline-block; position:
                              relative; height: auto; line-height: 1.6;
                              padding-top: 0; padding-right: 20px;
                              padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 20px;
                              border: 1px solid #03a87c; outline: 0;
                              color: #03a87c; background-color: #ffffff;
                              font-size: 14px; font-style: normal;
                              font-weight: 400; text-align: center;
                              text-decoration: none; cursor: pointer;
                              white-space: nowrap; text-rendering:
                              optimizeLegibility;
                              -webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;
                              user-select: none; border-radius: 4px;
                              margin-left: 20px;">Follow</div>
                          </a></div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@t.ambrosini/how-anti-consumerism-sold-out-3b1322a8c0e2?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-50------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*6QJy82QGNGxXj22kG_y9Aw.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*6QJy82QGNGxXj22kG_y9Aw.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@t.ambrosini/how-anti-consumerism-sold-out-3b1322a8c0e2?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-50------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-12&amp;sectionName=topic"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">How
                                    Anti-Consumerism Sold Out</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Millennials
                                  have stopped buying âstuffâ and
                                  started consuming lifestyles.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@t.ambrosini?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Thomas
                                    Ambrosini</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/wisecrack?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Wisecrack</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">6 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Most read</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@wisecrack/is-a-pop-tart-a-sandwich-a-philosophical-investigation-d00fd804a85b?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-62------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-21&amp;sectionName=evergreen"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/420/420/1*eX30_q-t10yvLpb52i23Rw.png?q=50);
                                    background-position: 50% 50%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*eX30_q-t10yvLpb52i23Rw.png?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@wisecrack/is-a-pop-tart-a-sandwich-a-philosophical-investigation-d00fd804a85b?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-62------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-21&amp;sectionName=evergreen"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Is a Pop-Tart
                                    a Sandwich? A Philosophical
                                    Investigation</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">What happens
                                  when labels fail us.</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@wisecrack?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Wisecrack</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/wisecrack?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Wisecrack</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">11 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td>
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-xs-fontSize16
                          email-bold email-marginTop24
                          email-marginBottom8" style="font-size: 18px;
                          font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 8px;
                          margin-top: 24px;">Editorsâ picks</div>
                        <table class="email-marginTop16
                          email-marginBottom36 email-xs-marginBottom32
                          email-borderSpacing0 email-fillWidth"
                          style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%;
                          margin-top: 16px; margin-bottom: 36px;
                          border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr>
                              <td class="email-fillWidth
                                email-paddingBottom16
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12"
                                style="min-width: 100%; width: 100%;
                                padding-bottom: 16px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@michael.thompson1978/the-shy-persons-guide-to-winning-friends-and-influencing-people-9af117492517?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-13------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-fillWidth email-height200
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/600/600/64/48/1*D1l37Oj7bVPh1-DGvnyPLA.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 64% 48%
                                    !important; min-width: 100%; width:
                                    100%; max-height: 200px; height:
                                    200px; border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/600/200/1*D1l37Oj7bVPh1-DGvnyPLA.jpeg?q=50" width="600" height="200"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-xs-paddingLeft0
                                email-xs-block email-xs-fillWidth">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle--hero"
                                  style="font-size: 22px; line-height:
                                  1.27; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@michael.thompson1978/the-shy-persons-guide-to-winning-friends-and-influencing-people-9af117492517?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------0-13------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">The Shy
                                    Personâs Guide to Winning Friends
                                    and Influencing People</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">Kindness is a
                                  superpower</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop12
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 12px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@michael.thompson1978?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Michael
                                    Thompson</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/forge?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Forge</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">4 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@mindystern/anxious-american-when-will-we-say-enough-5cd366cb4fea?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-13------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/57/20/1*7j33fnectfyLZbNEh7MS5Q.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 57% 20%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*7j33fnectfyLZbNEh7MS5Q.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@mindystern/anxious-american-when-will-we-say-enough-5cd366cb4fea?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------1-13------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Raising
                                    Children in an Anxious America</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">This is not
                                  normal</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@mindystern?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Mindy Stern</a>
                                  in <a class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/human-parts?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Human Parts</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">5 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                        <table class="email-marginTop24
                          email-xs-marginTop12 email-marginBottom36
                          email-xs-marginBottom32 email-borderSpacing0
                          email-fillWidth" style="min-width: 100%;
                          width: 100%; margin-top: 24px; margin-bottom:
                          36px; border-spacing: 0;">
                          <tbody>
                            <tr class="email-verticalAlignTop"
                              style="vertical-align: top;">
                              <td class="email-width100 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth
                                email-xs-paddingBottom12" style="width:
                                100px;" width="100"><a
href="https://medium.com/@jenniferchowdhury/she-called-out-priyanka-chopra-at-beautycon-and-it-went-viral-5016628467d0?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------2-13------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                  style="color: #333332;
                                  text-decoration: none;"
                                  moz-do-not-send="true">
                                  <div class="email-backgroundSizeCover
                                    email-backgroundNoRepeat
                                    email-width100 email-height100
                                    email-xs-fillWidth
                                    email-borderBlueGrey
                                    email-backgroundGrayLightest"
                                    style="background-image:
url(https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/focal/420/420/59/25/1*8GomgFDWb4mTpHItac-SMw.jpeg?q=50);
                                    background-position: 59% 25%
                                    !important; width: 100px;
                                    max-height: 100px; height: 100px;
                                    border: 1px solid #f2f2f2;
                                    background-color: #f8f8f8;
                                    background-size: cover;
                                    background-repeat: no-repeat;"><!--[if (gte mso 9)|(IE)]><img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/fit/c/100/100/1*8GomgFDWb4mTpHItac-SMw.jpeg?q=50" width="100" height="100"><![endif]--></div>
                                </a><br>
                              </td>
                              <td class="email-paddingLeft20
                                email-xs-paddingLeft0 email-xs-block
                                email-xs-fillWidth" style="padding-left:
                                20px;">
                                <div class="email-bold
                                  email-digestPostTitle"
                                  style="font-size: 18px; line-height:
                                  1.22; font-weight: 700;"><a
href="https://medium.com/@jenniferchowdhury/she-called-out-priyanka-chopra-at-beautycon-and-it-went-viral-5016628467d0?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader------2-13------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208-6&amp;sectionName=suggested"
                                    style="color: #333332;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">She Called
                                    Out Priyanka Chopra at BeautyCon,
                                    and It Went Viral</a></div>
                                <div class="email-digestPostSubtitle"
                                  style="line-height: 1.33; font-size:
                                  15px; margin-top: 4px;">A beauty
                                  influencer challenged the UNICEF
                                  ambassador and shed light on the
                                  India-Pakistan conflict</div>
                                <div class="email-marginTop8
                                  email-xs-marginTop10 email-fontSize15
                                  email-textDarkerGray"
                                  style="font-size: 15px; color:
                                  #757575; margin-top: 8px;"><a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/@jenniferchowdhury?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">Jennifer
                                    Chowdhury</a> in <a
                                    class="email-link
                                    email-textDarkerGray"
href="https://medium.com/zora?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                                    style="color: #757575;
                                    text-decoration: none;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true">ZORA</a><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*dMba6LR4dsoQTHzQ5T7oaA.png"
                                    class="email-width12
                                    email-marginLeft10" alt="Member only
                                    content" style="width: 12px;
                                    margin-left: 10px;"
                                    moz-do-not-send="true" width="12"
                                    height="12"><span
                                    class="email-marginLeft10"
                                    style="margin-left: 10px;">7 min
                                    read</span></div>
                              </td>
                            </tr>
                          </tbody>
                        </table>
                      </td>
                    </tr>
                    <tr>
                      <td class="email-center email-paddingTop20
                        email-paddingBottom60" style="text-align:
                        center; padding-top: 20px; padding-bottom:
                        60px;">
                        <div class="email-fontSize18 email-bold"
                          style="font-size: 18px; font-weight: 700;">Make
                          this email better.</div>
                        <a class="email-button email-button--bordered
                          email-marginTop20"
href="https://medium.com/topics?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                          style="color: #03a87c; text-decoration: none;
                          display: inline-block; position: relative;
                          height: 36px; line-height: 36px; padding-top:
                          0; padding-right: 24px; padding-bottom: 0;
                          padding-left: 24px; border: 1px solid #03a87c;
                          outline: 0; background-color: #ffffff;
                          font-size: 14px; font-style: normal;
                          font-weight: 400; text-align: center; cursor:
                          pointer; white-space: nowrap; text-rendering:
                          optimizeLegibility; -webkit-font-smoothing:
                          antialiased; user-select: none; border-radius:
                          4px; margin-top: 20px;" moz-do-not-send="true">Tailor
                          your topics</a></td>
                    </tr>
                  </tbody>
                </table>
              </div>
            </td>
          </tr>
        </tbody>
      </table>
      <div class="email-fillWidth email-backgroundSky" style="min-width:
        100%; width: 100%; background-color: #E2Eff8;">
        <table class="email email-backgroundSky" style="width: 100%;
          max-width: 600px; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;
          padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 20px;
          color: #333332; line-height: 1.4; font-family: -apple-system ,
          BlinkMacSystemFont , 'Segoe UI' , 'Roboto' , 'Ubuntu' , 'Open
          Sans' , 'Helvetica Neue' , sans-serif; background: #ffffff;
          background-color: #E2Eff8;">
          <tbody>
            <tr>
              <td>
                <div class="email-center email-marginTop50
                  email-marginBottom50" style="text-align: center;
                  margin-top: 50px; margin-bottom: 50px;">
                  <div class="email-fontSize22 email-bold
                    email-marginBottom20" style="font-size: 22px;
                    font-weight: 700; margin-bottom: 20px;">Take Medium
                    with you.</div>
                  <div class="email-center" style="text-align: center;"><a
                      class="email-link email-inlineBlock
                      email-marginRight16"
href="https://itunes.apple.com/app/medium-everyones-stories/id828256236?pt=698524&amp;mt=8&amp;ct=email_digestFooter"
                      style="color: #333332; text-decoration: none;
                      display: inline-block; margin-right: 16px;"
                      moz-do-not-send="true"><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*CXKdDEfFShoF6Azy5V8ZKQ@2x.png"
                        medium="" on="" the="" app=""
                        moz-do-not-send="true" width="144" height="48"></a><a
                      class="email-link email-inlineBlock"
href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.medium.reader&amp;referrer=utm_source%3Demail_digestFooter"
                      style="color: #333332; text-decoration: none;
                      display: inline-block;" moz-do-not-send="true"><img
src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/proxy/1*D-oULOaPtKR8A1jatsII4w@2x.png"
                        medium="" on="" google="" moz-do-not-send="true"
                        width="161" height="48"></a></div>
                </div>
                <div class="email-footer" style="padding-top: 15px;
                  padding-right: 0; padding-bottom: 0; padding-left: 0;
                  margin-top: 30px; color: rgba(0 , 0 , 0 , 0.68);
                  font-size: 12px; text-align: center; border-top: 1px
                  solid #8e8e8e;">Sent by <a class="email-link
                    email-textGray email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                    style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration: underline;"
                    moz-do-not-send="true">Medium</a> Â· P.O. Box 602,
                  San Francisco, CA 94104-0602
                  <div><a class="email-link email-textGray
                      email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/me/email-settings/50eb33f9fa1a/da3bbcabb7c3?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208&amp;type=social"
                      style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration:
                      underline;" moz-do-not-send="true">Unsubscribe</a>
                    Â· <a class="email-link email-textGray
                      email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/me/email-settings/50eb33f9fa1a/da3bbcabb7c3?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208&amp;type=social&amp;preference=2"
                      style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration:
                      underline;" moz-do-not-send="true">Switch to the
                      Weekly Digest</a> Â· <a class="email-link
                      email-textGray email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/jobs-at-medium/work-at-medium-959d1a85284e?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                      style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration:
                      underline;" moz-do-not-send="true">Careers</a> Â· <a
                      class="email-link email-textGray email-underline"
                      href="https://help.medium.com" style="color:
                      #8e8e8e; text-decoration: underline;"
                      moz-do-not-send="true">Help center</a> Â· <a
                      class="email-link email-textGray email-underline"
href="https://medium.com/policy/f03bf92035c9?source=email-50eb33f9fa1a-1565774984168-digest.reader-------------------------861a268f_2d78_4aa5_a3b4_4b34a2846208"
                      style="color: #8e8e8e; text-decoration:
                      underline;" moz-do-not-send="true">Privacy policy</a></div>
                </div>
              </td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </div>
      <img
src="https://u1823144.ct.sendgrid.net/wf/open?upn=HcUcouT0zBEMPn1RNPiLOhDWRFfvABwtOYJ8O4W519hLUDAnb8ENMuoUZwWqF0zwdaumQKxCbYM7ic8YFrX0W5sSsXGGOLGwzXzWn4VsDMnSluw0kmRt0lFDRisHyl5dZKZy-2B3NDeHVtelIGROrA-2BPtIbh6sJ8ezIvoLMHT63MMfdTplVOLJzwCMrNjpnHaqidLmLpv1U6Y-2BLd9XazKuRo-2FSX7Fe8qmoSG40E24F4YTqLE9-2BmYVZ3SkOLvF3evjAAYgUiWQdx5Q4rNpXSXzfk0I6r0hksHdXMbIZWv0U8YTxjZrtk6UcHE10M2eOLRnQ4c1bxp4OoFB1ZcSe-2FRmpuet-2FMrnAUacsCD49PFzPSoHlKVMBtH3psnCpStvu8jC72J4sHDI8dp56ZPfqcfnRT7rOCqCVMobZqCLd0pXRGcY-3D"
        alt="" style="height:1px !important;width:1px
        !important;border-width:0 !important;margin-top:0
        !important;margin-bottom:0 !important;margin-right:0
        !important;margin-left:0 !important;padding-top:0
        !important;padding-bottom:0 !important;padding-right:0
        !important;padding-left:0 !important;" moz-do-not-send="true"
        border="0" width="1" height="1">
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
}